Meeting Title: Trey<>Kevin Interview (irestore)
Date: Mar 13
Meeting participants: Kevin

Transcript:
 
Me: Test, test, test.  
Them: Test, test, test.  
Me: Hello.  
Them: Hey. Trey. How are you?  
Me: Hey. I'm good. I'm good. How are you?  
Them: Oh, very good. Welcome back.  
Me: Thanks, man. You too. Where were you?  
Them: Trade show.  
Me: You went. You went mute on me there for a second. I didn't kiss. It.  
Them: I was in vegas.  
Me: Oh, okay. A trade show.  
Them: Yeah, there was a trade show. Not. Not even a traditional. It was like an E. Comm event with Amazon folks. And I also just celebrated my birthday, so figure two and one.  
Me: Nice. Happy birthday. My birthday is next week.  
Them: Thank you. Oh, yeah. Nice. Go. How old are you?  
Me: I. AM 40 now, so turning 41.  
Them: 41. Okay. There you go.  
Me: Cross the threshold here.  
Them: Yeah. Nice. Yeah, I'm. I'm 35. I just turned.  
Me: Nice. Good. Good age.  
Them: Right behind you. Yeah.  
Me: Were you in Vegas this whole time? Last weekend? This week.  
Them: No, no. I was in Vegas the weekend. That's weird. The camera keeps turning up. Give me. Yeah, I was. You can hear me, right?  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: Yeah, I was there over the weekend till Wednesday. So about five days.  
Me: That's a. That's a long stint for Vegas.  
Them: You know, I actually love being Vegas, to be honest with you. I. I played poker, so I usually, like, a day or two. Where I just. I'm dedicated. Just playing poker. Antisocial. Nobody taught.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: And I love it, you know, so.  
Me: That's awesome. That's awesome.  
Them: Yeah, I can play here, too, in la. But I try to. I try to create this. Box where I'm not allowed to play in la. Otherwise it's too easy. So? So.  
Me: And you like, you. Are you one of these people? Like, you know, you can sit at a table for, like, 10 hours, no problem.  
Them: Yeah, that's exactly what I did.  
Me: Really?  
Them: Yeah. To me, it's like playing. I don't know. I imagine what people feel like when they play chess. I mean, I don't play chess person. I know how to play chess, but I'm not like one of those, like, Chess.com people, but very. It's like a very cerebral game. So I feel like it's really. Engaging your brain like you're doing, if you're playing it right.  
Me: Yeah, yeah.  
Them: You're. There's a lot going on and you're kind of collecting a lot of inputs.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: And then, like, it's. It's very, like, analytical, you know, it's like trading, in a way.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So.  
Me: Do you do? You keep track of, like, net winnings and losses over time?  
Them: I do? Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Is that, like, good for you?  
Them: Yeah, I'm definitely a winning player. Yeah, that's important.  
Me: That's good. But, like, do you get anxious about, like, oh, I'm. I'm only up this much or this amount of time committed. I'm only like. Do you think about that kind of stuff?  
Them: So0 because if I thought that way I would never play because I mean the business makes way more than I would ever I don't play that much that much money so like my hourly never makes sense. I more so just don't want to lose because I hate losing. Not that it's not the money. It's just that I just hate losing.  
Me: Sure. Yeah. Do you play at the same place, like casinos, or you bounce around?  
Them: I bounce around, but usually the best rooms are Aria and the Wyn. The win is a top room on this trip, and then Aria's second behind it, so.  
Me: Like, do you play in tournaments?  
Them: I do not play in tournaments because I don't have the patience for it. Although I would like to play in the World Series Poker main event this year as a bucket list type of thing.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: What's the difference in patience though, when you're playing and it's just that it's a multi day thing or what?  
Them: Yeah, so. So tournaments, you have to. If you last a long time, you're going to be sitting there. You don't have the optionality of getting up to go get, like, take a break. So game is come and go. You can play one hand, you can play a thousand hands. Whatever you want. Tournament is play until you bust. So you can bus in the first five minutes or you can bust in 12 hours.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: And you're playing like a multi day tournament. You're sitting there 12 hours a day. Times three days or whatever. I mean, the, the biggest events are. The main event is the biggest, and that's a seven day event. So you're playing to win, but if you win, you playing poker 12 hours a day for eight days, it's a lot.  
Me: Y'all. Wow. And the. The main event, can you. Can you just pay to enter, or do you have to, like, qualify or something?  
Them: No, you. You pay. Yeah, you pay. It's ten grand to enter. So that's the biggest one. That feels like 10,000 people. I mean, that it's a lot of luck because there's so many people.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: To be 10,000 people.  
Me: It's. You gonna do it this year?  
Them: I would like to. It's. It's been a bucket list thing for me. So I like to. Yeah.  
Me: And you celebrated your birthday in Vegas as well.  
Them: I did? Yeah. It was three days ago.  
Me: Like, big night out somewhere or what'd you do?  
Them: No, no, I didn't even. Yeah, I didn't do anything. I was at the conference, so I didn't actually do anything. Although people did go out to club and stuff. I was like, I'm good. I'm pretty. I'm pretty.  
Me: That's more my speed. Post 35 in Vegas as well.  
Them: Yeah, I do. I do enjoy tonight out, don't get me wrong, but I have that during the weekend, so I didn't want to do it again on like two. These guys went out on Monday and Tuesday. I just. I. I opted out.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: Yeah, once. Once is good enough. I don't need to celebrate. Three times. Yeah.  
Me: What? Was the conference worth it?  
Them: Not at all.  
Me: Damn.  
Them: I. I go to these things really just to hang out and network and stay in touch with people. So I knew a lot of people going. I was in a couple masterminds, so I'm pretty close with quite a few people in the space.  
Me: It.  
Them: I haven't seen it in a while because we stopped doing the masterminds. I just want to go say hi. Yeah, the sessions are terrible, and. Absolutely, they're terrible. I find the best content always comes out of private conversations in small rooms. Nobody. I don't want to show stuff on the stage, like. Nobody wants to share this secret somehow.  
Me: Yes. Yeah, yeah.  
Them: All the podcasters and they're sharing, like, the tip of the iceberg. There's, like, all the sub that they're not telling you. Right. So. So I just, I don't find those things to be valuable as an information source, but more so just to. It's either top of funnel to get you into the small groups, or it's just to get that touch point with people you already know.  
Me: Everybody together.  
Them: You know, like all. All in one place, right? Instead of, like, individual.  
Me: So are you. Are you in any masterminds now?  
Them: I. I'm in a DDC mastermind with a bunch of nine figure brands, so that's been a super valuable resource.  
Me: Just, like, a private group, or is it a part of, like, a thing you can join?  
Them: Private groups. Yeah, pretty much all the masterminds I've done are private. And I like that because everyone's there because they're getting value from the information and contributing versus a paid one where there's a moderator or incentive to, like, keep you there. I don't like the setup there. So. So, yeah, so that's really. The main way I'm getting information nowadays is just through peers and whatnot.  
Me: Yeah, it's amazing. Yeah, that's. That's the most valuable.  
Them: So.  
Me: Info there for sure. Straight.  
Them: Yeah. Like, at this point, like everybody in DDC knows everybody else. I think we mentioned last time we talked. You know, I feel like anything I need, I just. I just ping the group and I get something back within five minutes.  
Me: It's amazing.  
Them: Yeah, Like, a reference check would be like, hey. What do you think of this guy? Somebody would know them, right? Or. Or I need this. Okay? Here, talk to this lawyer. You know, it's like, so. So. Yeah. I always tell people, you know, like, people starting off, I'm like, what's the trick? I'm like, the trick is to get yourself into. These groups and get with people that are already crushing it and just fall exactly what they're doing and add value.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: So. So I try to live by myself.  
Me: That's awesome. What's been new in the business here in the past couple weeks. Anything major?  
Them: Anything major. Not. I wouldn't say anything major. I think since last. We last talked a couple weeks ago. But in general, we were trying to push ahead a lot of things. So the, the product launches are happening in Q2. We're investing the body collection I think we talked about.  
Me: I think we talked about. Yeah. Is this the wand?  
Them: And another one is happening in late Q3.  
Me: Oh, okay.  
Them: Yeah. And the body panels and the body.  
Me: Oh, the big panels.  
Them: Yeah, and.  
Me: For. For d to c or just the b2b ones.  
Them: Panel is going to be more deep. So you, given the price point and the the fin search volume on Amazon, And. But we do have a belt. Like a red light belt. This is going to be on both UC and Amazon, and hopefully.  
Me: And what's that for? What's the purpose?  
Them: It's kind of a lighter, way more multitask friendly version. Of the panel where you can. Like, for example, I could be talking to him wrapping around here, but I couldn't use. Because it would just blast me and I couldn't talk to you, you know?  
Me: Of. The panel. Yeah.  
Them: It's a kind of lower strength and more multitask friendly version for all the same purposes. So you could, you can reduce that actually, it can help with recovery post workout. It can help with reducing inflammation. Just all the benefits of red light basically improving.  
Me: But just. Just having it on sort of your, like, abdomen area. In that targeted way is something that people use it for.  
Them: More. More likely they're going to use it on the back for lower back.  
Me: The back. Yeah, yeah.  
Them: So. So if you talk about ideal customer profile, we're talking people that sit ourselves, work on Zoom all day and slack. And then there's a segment of women. They'll use it for fat loss. It's not magic, but we. We will be able to get FDA claim. FDA clear claim on fat loss. Huge. And then I'm sure we'll get sued anyways. But, you know, it's all right. But at least we'll cover our ass legally. That's the idea.  
Me: What is the. What is the plan for any of these other devices besides hair loss for clinical studies?  
Them: The devices? Yeah, we, we do clinical studies of varying scale for, for different devices. So with the belt example, for example, we're going to do a smaller clinical study on fat loss. One is to get credibility, to get before and after photos. That are more legitimate. And then with the other devices, it really depends. We break it into your ABC in terms of launches. So there's device abc.  
Me: So.  
Them: There's consumables, abc. Generally speaking, devices are the A's, because some of them are more like A, Bs and Cs. There are some devices that are more like bees, and then that determines the level, effort, investment we want to put in. So both on the marketing spend level as well. As a fixed investment, so the clinical study would fall under the fixed investment. So like a clinical, small clinical study probably cost 30 grand for about. With the helmet, the elite helmet, because this is the a, this is the hero of the heroes. We have done a study already, but we're going to invest, you know, like six. Figures into a bigger study.  
Me: General. Ly speaking devices. Are. Like. These. Fixed and. Investment. Like six figures. Into a bigger. Site with the university.  
Them: With a university. So, and the point there is to get really, like a really legitimate study, not one of those third party ones that are sponsored by companies, but really this is going to be university one, which is more unbiased. And we're with one of the most renowned dermatologists in the space at university. Of Miami. So I would like to be able to make that claim of this is the best study in the space.  
Me: Of. The space.  
Them: That. Check this check on the dermatologist ran the study. She's like this. Like. She's like the derma derms, and she's, like, 75 years old, and she published this. Like, it's like, undeniably, this is the most legitimate study in the space. And that pays. That will pay for itself. Week one. I know how this stuff works, you know, so.  
Me: Have you done it for the face mask?  
Them: We've done a smaller study for the face mask, but we haven't done, like, that large scale one. So I guess our thing is always small study. First to make claims like 94% saw healthier skin, like, whatever that claim is, and then from there, If we want to, like, double down, then we can do a bigger study. So that's my general approach with. With these things.  
Me: Got it. And then, so these new products that are coming out, do you try to do the studies before launch or just immediately after?  
Them: Usually immediately after.  
Me: Got it. Got it. Okay.  
Them: You don't really need it or launch. You know, we. We launch it, and then we see if there's signs of life, and then we go back and do the study.  
Me: And how do you. Or, like, are you just ordering? Moqs to test the waters or how do you think about new product testing?  
Them: Depends on my confidence level. We're almost never ordering a moq now because. Well, let me take that back. With consumables, sometimes we'll order MOQ because those we don't put it as much marketing behind it and they're more, you know, subjective. What device is pretty much go, go hard, go big or go home on most of them. So, like, I'll give you an example for the panels. We're placing, like, half a million, half a million dollars of PO on that product. You know we haven't sold a single unit. But.  
Me: So why so confident? Just by what else you see in the market?  
Them: I have. I have a lot of data points, 2.2. This being at least a $50 million a year category for the top competitor. I know they're a CAC and CPAs, so, like, back into how efficient we need to be and how many units we can sell, so. And I have Amazon data as well, so. I have. I've quite conclusive data that this can work if we execute. But the size of the PI is so large that the last thing I want is just blow it out of the waters and then run out of stock and then wait two months so that risk is greater to me.  
Me: S we. Can. Solve. Like. Two months. Great. Er than.  
Them: Of not having stock. Than what stock? Because I know we can sell through this stuff.  
Me: We. Talk.  
Them: If we. If we just somehow just. Just flop, like whatever the definition flop is for us, I still feel like we can sell through a stuff, given our brand reputation, and just. We have to sell it at cost. I'm sure we can sell through it, you know, so. But that's not going to happen, I feel. Very confident in what we do and our marketing and game plan, so.  
Me: Ed. About a brand Reput. Ation. And I forget. Did you say for the body panels? Day one, Amazon and dtc, or is that, like, sequenced in a way?  
Them: Yeah, so. It's more DDC focus, but we will have Amazon as the way I see Amazon for the body panels. It's a. It's a research platform for people to go see that it's four and a half star reviews are higher.  
Me: It's a. Research.  
Them: So the goal there is maintain strong social proof. But I believe most of the sales will go through D2C. There are some products.  
Me: What do you mean? So you'd expect people to just look at reviews, but then buy on D to C?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Why is that?  
Them: Because there's. There's not enough search volume on Amazon too, like, meaningfully drive demand for, for this product. So. So a lot. So it's not too dissimilar from our current marketing process with helmets. Where? Like the Iris Elite. It's so expensive. It's not. We know a lot of that demand is driven off Amazon.  
Me: We. Know, a lot of that demand is. Driven.  
Them: To Amazon. So even if they buy on Amazon, they're really using as a checkout versus being native to Amazon as a search.  
Me: So. Even if they. 're really using. This. Thing. As a threat. Sure, sure.  
Them: Yeah, so? So, which means they are seeing a Facebook ad. They're typing in on Amazon. They're checking it, like four and a half stars. Wonderful. And then at the point they're deciding do I check out here or go check on dc? And obviously margins are better on dc, so we want them to check out there. So we can either price it more favorably on DTC or we can use gift with purchase for better offers or warranty or guarantees to incentivize them to personal ddc. Some percentage customers will still check on Amazon because they just won't buy anything except Amazon. And that's fine, but we know that attribution of that goes back to D.C. and not actually Amazon. Whereas for something like Vitamin C serum, the click is native to Amazon.  
Me: And another point of deciding to check out here. So many offerings or warranty or. Personal b to c. Dc.  
Them: Typically, and they're buying on Amazon's, which is very different. So when we launch products, we're always thinking about skew to channel mix and which skew is for which channel. When other apples, like for the panels. We have another SKU coming out for Costco. I'm going to pitch costco and that's a different sku, and that's a slightly different specs.  
Me: And that's a difference to you, and that's a slightly different spec.  
Them: And that's going to be price worse on ddc. So cost token prices more favorably because they want a 30% discount on that. So it's a very skew. This YouTube channel strategy is kind of what I guess the word that we use is like skew. To channel fit is important. And when we launch queues. I'm always thinking about which one's the primary channel. Same thing for TikTok, right? A lot of brands will build products just for TikTok. That's more like seating friendly and stuff like that, so.  
Me: And that's going to be. Price. Ly more people because they. Copy a lot of places for TikTok. When like the Costco example, is it a scaled back product that you're pricing more expensively then.  
Them: Yes. It's a scale back on specs that I'm going to price up on DDC because I know Costco wants to show a 20 to 30% discount to market.  
Me: Y.  
Them: I've made that mistake before. Where? I didn't know that. And they basically force us to discount off existing market prices.  
Me: E. Ah.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: What. What is the mix, like, percentage wise, between Amazon D to C and Costco?  
Them: Costco up 10%. Amazon's about just under a third. And then DC is about 2 thirds. Just under two thirds, yeah.  
Me: Oh, okay. Interesting. Yeah, I wouldn't. I say I expected that. Almost expected the flip with Amazon and dtc, but that's amazing.  
Them: Amazon is not big enough to support that much sales. Not. Not for a category.  
Me: Just at that price point.  
Them: Yeah. And just search volume wise, you know, for hair. We're already. Over 50% market share, so it's not like we can grow that much from there.  
Me: I.  
Them: You know, within the brain.  
Me: When you launch other products on Amazon, is there a benefit to like the high review? Count on the hair products. Like, if you're running ads, is there some sort of, like, quality score or something that feeds into your brand?  
Them: From Amazon. Quality. Yeah, there's a quality score. Amazon ppc. So reviews is a part of it, but it's not a direct contributor. Not to my normal. It's more of an indirect conversion rate and like click through conversion rate. Those are more like determined of quality score for Amazon ppc. But obviously reviews drives conversion rate, so the reviews does drive. Yeah.  
Me: And U Treck. I ordered the face mask, and I saw that you have, like, an insert for people to sign up to warranty. I'm assuming you use that on Amazon to try to bring people over to ddc. Do you track that? Like, how often does that actually happen?  
Them: Y. Eah. We that's actually more of a reviews funnel thing than. Than bring them to.  
Me: Okay?  
Them: Because we get them on. That drives a lot of views.  
Me: Cool.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I can keep asking questions there, but I'll shut up.  
Them: All good. Yeah. We can come back to. At the end, we come back to your questions. A lot. Cool. So. Yeah. So for today, I want to. I wanted to dive deeper into just, you know, thanks for sharing what you shared.  
Me: Thanks. For what you said.  
Them: It's a lot more for me to. A lot more context for me to work with.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Resume that you put together, so appreciate that. Today how it was intended for the college. Just kind of walk through some of the things that you put in there.  
Me: Today.  
Them: Now that there's a little bit more specifics to go through. Typically with these things, we're doing, like, a hostile interview, which you're probably familiar with. Just, like, diving deeper. Yeah. So, you know, you know how these things work. So really figuring out, like, hey, for the most relevant experiences.  
Me: Let's just say.  
Them: You know, what did you do there? Kind of what you accomplished, like, you know, why you moved on, things like that, right? And then, you know, at the end, I'll say 15 minutes or so, so I'm sure you have a lot more questions for me and whatnot. And then, and then at some point, I'll transition away to some, like, other questions that are less who style just.  
Me: 15 minutes or so. Just personal experiences. Sure.  
Them: Around, you know, your personal experiences. Sound good.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. Let's do it.  
Them: Any questions before we start?  
Me: No, I don't think so.  
Them: Cool. Yeah. So I'd love to start with. I think you tell me, but I think Baboon to the Moon is probably the best place to start as far as relevant experiences. So I know you're a co founder there and the coo, can you just help me walk, walk me through the journey from 0 to 20 million and just your role in impact there and just. Yeah, because I know you're a co founder as well. Like, how did you guys split that responsibility? What was your main role, things like that.  
Me: Things like that? Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, so it was myself and two co founders. One of them was a preschool friend of mine. It's still a close friend to this day. And so we'd worked on some projects before that and sort of crossed paths. Who became our third partner? And our third partner came from sort of finance and retail. I came from sort of tech product management world and our third co founder from brand and advertising. And yeah, day zero we explored a bunch of ideas, you know. We kind of got in a room together. For six months, brainstormed ideas and categories. This was like 2016 time period, so, like, you know, sort of the second wave of D to C Allbirds was popping up and away and brands like this. And so that was very much top of mind for us. Of like, all right, there's, there's funding. Sources available. This is like a wave that's happening. What are things we're excited about, passion about. We think there's white space for. But the, the, the one co founder that came from finance and retail, it actually worked for the North Face for a number of years and he worked for Urban Outfitters, and so he had a little bit of an existing network. With, you know, overseas supply chain and product and bag designers and things like that. And that was a contributing factor to us ultimately getting really excited about this area of travel, the ways of the world, this very millennial blanding that we thought was boring and uninteresting. We wanted this loud, bold, almost like brutalist. Type branding that resonated with us a lot more, and within Soft Grid specifically. So anyway, that. That was sort of the impetus and the, you know, the origination of the idea itself. We went through. You know, much like you, I think you spent two or three years in product R and D. Ours wasn't quite that long, but we spent a good 18 months. Eighteen to 20 months. Hiring a designer, creating samples. Probably made two or three trips to Asia during that time period. And I sort of led the charge on all that product stuff. So I think I mentioned on our last call, we nominated all of our vendors. So the trend vendor, the fabric vendor, the zipper vendor, the final manufacturer, every piece of that individually vetted and met several factories in each of those categories. You know, tried to find to the best of the best and then consolidated them into one factory and that had, you know, its own process there as well. So I led the charge on that stuff. All things sort of ecom, digital marketing, tech stack, et cetera. You know, we had three co founders that had relatively a fair amount of experience, so we didn't, we didn't need to hire day one. I think we had one employee for the first year or so maybe. But we also went the route of raising money. Right? So we raised a little money to get to a prototype. Once we had a prototype, we raised a little more money for our first inventory buy and to get to market. In retrospect, like I said, I think we did that incorrectly. We should have either raised more, given the market conditions at the time, or raised less and tried to either bootstrap or, you know, just have a much smaller cap table. But that ultimately led to some issues that we had, you know, years later.  
Them: Just. Just curious. How much did you guys raise?  
Me: In total. I want to say it was somewhere between 8 and 10 million, but it was kind of in these chunks.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: So we raised 200k, then a million and a half.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: And 2 million. The biggest round was 3 1/2 million. So it was like constantly these little chunks every six to 12 months or so. It wasn't just like one, one big round. And anytime we hit a little bit of bump in the road, Covid being one, iOS 14 being another, we just. We didn't have the buffer there to withstand it. And so it constantly put us in a position of weakness and going out and, you know, needing to bridge or get some more debt or hire more equity funding or whatever it might be. So we just. We didn't approach that correctly.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. And was that your partner that did the finance background that led them.  
Me: He definitely led it. I helped out quite a bit just from. I'd raised a little bit of money before for some smaller ventures and had the network, so we both kind of tag teamed it, but he definitely was the lead on it.  
Them: Okay, makes sense.  
Me: Yeah. What? I'll pause there. Anywhere in particular you'd like me to dig? In.  
Them: Yeah, so. So just in terms of kind of your responsibilities, what I'm hearing is you did. You did product R and D, you led all the kind of, like, I guess, tech. Your tech and product management backgrounds. So you're working on that side of it. Were you the one leading Shopify and, like, who was? Dealing with, like, growth and, like, just help me understand the bigger picture. Your response.  
Me: Respons. Ibility. You're. Tech. So. You're working. On. Yeah, pretty much all of that. So anything digital is a broad statement there. So anything involving any technology, any system, any integration, Shopify, working with designers, developers, CRO, digital marketing, which at various points throughout our journey was just me, just mean an agency. We hired a head of growth at one point, different freelancers, etc. But it was always me overseeing that piece.  
Them: Okay. What were your two partners doing? If you were. If you're doing the product and operations?  
Me: I know it sounds like. It sounds like a lot. We weren't your sort of standard D to C company for a couple reasons. One, we had an extreme emphasis on brand. If you look at the brand now or, you know, people over the years looked look at our Instagram or look at our brand, that was always one of the first comments people would make. It's like, wow, I love your brand. And it's because we were extremely intentional and probably over invested in it. So my co founder, who came from advertising, was a graphic designer by trade. Everything visual, video, etc. The brand identity he owned, photo shoots, styling, et cetera. Picking the colors of the products, which is a really big element for us, especially when we're releasing, you know, five or six styles across four different colors across 100 different trims. Across five or six vendors. It was quite like monumental effort of like color matching and picking the right color for the zipper that matches this, that matches this. And we would do that, you know, multiple times a year, sometimes every six weeks. So that was one co founder owning everything visual, graphic, branding, etc. And then Andy, who was my partner in the COO who came from finance and retail. He was 10 years older than the two of us and kind of came from more of a traditional world, investment banking, worked for big Corporation, North Face, etc. So he just wasn't as like in the weeds, tech savvy with all the technology, digital marketing, etc. So he was more leading fundraising leading like retail conversations, which we eventually got into strategy, partnerships, hiring, things like that. But he wasn't really in the, like day to day ops of those, like, mechanical parts of the business of actually just running an E Comm business. So it really was me kind of cross functionally across the whole organ that way.  
Them: You were like the integrator, I guess, in a sense. And across departments, who was a CEO.  
Me: This guy Andy, not me. So I was the COO. The guy, the finance and retail guy, who was 10 years our senior, was the CEO.  
Them: Okay? You got the adult in the room.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly, yeah.  
Them: Just. Just because he was the more senior guy, kind of.  
Me: Just. Because. It kind of just like, naturally fell into that. I mean, at the time, you know, the two of us. God help. You know, we were a little younger than you are now, probably 31 or 30 or something like that. And, yeah, he came in and had just had a ton of experience, and it was kind of just obvious that he should. He should take on that role at the time.  
Them: Got it. Okay. How was your relationship with Andy? Was it a true, like, CEO co relationship, or was it more like a. Like a partnership? Because it sounds like you were running the business in a way. Based on what you're describing to me. Because you manage all of the these pieces.  
Me: Because. You made all. Of these pieces.  
Them: So.  
Me: Yeah, I'd say, you know, it wasn't a. I wouldn't say it was as clean of a, like, visionary integrator role, maybe that, you know, it could be. With us, we definitely had quite a bit of overlap in skill sets and, you know, overlapped in finance. We both had MBAs. He had been a COO before. Like, there was definitely some overlap there.  
Them: Yeah. Y. Eah.  
Me: The way that the three of us. Handle. I was thinking about this recently, just, you know, thinking back in the experience. Like the way that the three of us handled new ideas day to day, Ops, execution, integration, etc. Was like, for the most part, the three of us would make big strategic decisions unanimously. Whether that's a hire or a channel or retail, you know, whatever it might be. Like, that was kind of something we fell into of like, all right, this is really important to all of us. We're a small team. We have to kind of all three turn our keys at once in order to. To do something. But the exception that we eventually carved out was if any one of us feels extremely strongly about something, that sort of falls within our functional area. So for me, that could be anything. E. Comm on the website, whatever. Andy it could be raising money from a particular investor or not. And then our third partner with branding, all we had to do was raise our hand and say, look, guys, I feel extremely strongly about it. And that was it. Like, the other two of us would sort of step away and say, all right, we defer to you. You're sort of the owner here. But that probably only happened a handful of times over the years. We've really, really got to this place of just having consensus on those major decisions.  
Them: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. It almost feels dangerous to need consensus so that. That makes sense that you have. You need more clear lanes as far as who would own the final say.  
Me: That you. Have be more clear. As far as. Hey. Yeah. And, you know, I don't remember the sequence of events, but thinking back, we probably, you know, we probably agreed on consensus initially and then ran into an issue, right? And we're like, wait a minute, this isn't gonna work. So we need a framework here. And, yeah, that. That ultimately worked really well for us because, you know, you don't want to use that card, right? You don't want to use that bullet often. And so you know that when you do it, use it.  
Them: Right.  
Me: People are going to listen and you're gonna get your way, actually. And that became a very powerful tool of, like, all right, you know, you don't want to do this every month, but once every six months, something comes up. You feel really strongly. I felt that way about a particular hire that we had at one point. There was some resistance. I don't know if we should hire. I was like, guys, this is it. We need to hire this person. Period. I feel super strongly about it, and we did.  
Them: Okay? Was that the right decision?  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. Now, unfortunately, that person ended up maybe quitting maybe four or five months later. But during the time it was clear they were a good hire, but, yeah, ultimately, they didn't actually stick around.  
Them: Got it. That makes sense. Obviously, over the growth of six years. Right, six years, things change a lot.  
Me: Things. Changed a lot.  
Them: And how did. How did your role and responsibilities evolve with that over time?  
Me: Yeah, things changed quite a bit in a number of ways. I mean, you know, one, the business was growing. Things got a lot more complicated from a products and supply chain standpoint, and we started building out the team. Right. So there's just some, you know, so there's some natural inflection points there where. I could have more of a team. One example. I was all of customer service for the first three years, zero to 10 million. I answered every single customer service ticket. Eventually we hired someone probably too late to be that manager, and I manage that person, right? So all of a sudden, my role becomes a little more strategic. Helping, coaching, guiding that person. Spending time on higher level things, spending more time on product, in some cases, spending more time in Asia, which is where I felt I had the highest. Leverage in the business at the time. So things like that just kind of naturally change as our size grew from a product assortment standpoint. You know, when we launched the company, we launched two sizes of a duffel bag in four colors, and it grew to hundreds and hundreds of SKUs across multiple different styles. Tons of new colors every year, every Sisson it got, like, more and more complicated over time. And so that just required more of my, like, hands on time in that part of the business.  
Them: Yeah. So more. More on the supply chain side of things over time.  
Me: I think so. I mean, ultimately I was still owning everything, but I was, you know, I was able to hire in some other folks. Right. So hire some more people to help out with CRO hired, you know, designer. We eventually had a head of growth that led all the digital marketing, things like that. That allowed me to kind of step up and be more and more strategic. Never really, you know, I didn't hire like a junior op supply chain person ever. I always entirely owned that. Now we had some help. We had a sourcing partner and we had a product designer and things like that. But I was still kind of running and managing the day to day of that.  
Them: Gotcha. Okay. And can you describe the team that reported to you? I guess there's a lot of different points and maybe towards a mature stages like who I hear ahead of growth, there's no supply chain like just how many understand the team.  
Me: Can you? Just write the team. Different. Places, making towards. Our state. Yeah, it was never that big. I mean, our biggest we had, I forget, eight to 10 people. So I had a growth. I had a head of retention ahead of customer experience. Elsewhere on the team, like brand people. And I alluded to this earlier, but we approached this wrong. We should have approached it in a much more direct response way. We approached it way more on the brand side of things. So we had, like, a head of brand Social. We had multiple graphic designers. That were very senior and very experienced. And it just says, shouldn't have been where we invested that capital. But again, my side, just those three or four people and then agencies. Right. So tons of agencies over the years. Digital marketing CRO. Like I mentioned, we had at some points throttled up like CX as well. In addition to just the one full time head of CX that we had in house. But, yeah, that was as big as the team. Got.  
Them: About eight to 10 people, you said. Okay? And from what you're describing, so you owned Growth, Retention, cx, all the digital stuff, but then your partner, I assume that was a designer, own all the brand.  
Me: Design. Er, on all the brand. Yes, yes.  
Them: Side of. Got it. Okay. And you kind of started, but, you know, in reflection. Obviously, you learned a lot over the course of that. What would you have done differently?  
Me: Done. Differently. And the whole experience.  
Them: I guess. I guess maybe the most impactful things. Let's start with props. What are the biggest inflection points for that business? And then we can follow up with, you know, what you would have done differently.  
Me: For that. Business. And then we follow. But you know. Yeah. So many where to choose from? I think we made some very critical mistakes. Up front. Even just in product selection and category. I think we were blinded by the capital environment at the time. And just didn't think through that. In terms of the economics of relatively single purchase category. With high cac, right? Like, we all know this now, right? With subscription businesses or very high AOV businesses, right? That alone, I think, was very detrimental up front. Our margin structure up front was something. We had gross margins in the mid to high 60s. They should have been in the mid to high 70s up front. Something that we thought we could sort of grow into because of the funding environment, and we just should have gotten ahead of that much more quickly. I made a couple mistakes in firing too slowly. So our head of growth is 11 example of that. I just let it linger too long. This was someone who was kind of sound similar to what you described with your ops person. They're very good at executor, very good at doing what I handed in front of them, but never really had that strategic muscle. And so I did a lot of hand holding there. I was introducing a lot of ideas constantly, and I never, you know, I had that feeling for a while and I didn't act on it, I think, as quickly as I should have. So that. That was a big mistake in retrospect. Like I said, just from a capital standpoint, I would have gone in one of two extremes earlier on. Way less or way more. I think we created a bigger challenge. Than we needed to by approaching it that way.  
Them: Yeah, that makes sense. They had a growth thing. I feel like everyone makes that mistake. You know?  
Me: Yeah. Hopefully you only make it once. But, yeah, it was painful.  
Them: Yeah, and it sounds like you eventually did pull the trigger on that.  
Me: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. And felt better the next day. And you know, immediately, really. Right. Like, it is obvious in retrospect. And also one of these things where if you have other or if you have a players. Right. They feel it and appreciate it immediately, even if they're not voicing it. You can kind of recognize that. And. And that was certainly the case.  
Them: Yeah, and for sure. And. And, you know, you guys want zero to 20 million. And sounds like maybe four or five years, because 22 of those were R and D, right?  
Me: Two. Of us were.  
Them: Do you. What do you think would have changed that? You know, because that's not crazy. It's good, but it's not like, crazy faster. What would have made it gone to, like, 0 to 50 or 100? Like, what. What were the things that, like, that could have gone differently to make that happen?  
Me: Conf. Used. Differently. To make that. Yeah. 1. A couple things come to mind. One is I mentioned the product margin. So we tried to play in this sort of middle ground, much like the capital structure, where it was like, you know, premium product for not affordable, but like sub premium pricing. And I think we kind of got caught in no man's land there. Right. We should have either been way more. We should have, you know, our duffel. Bag was our main skew. It was like $179. Like a weekend or, you know, size bag, we should have made a much more scaled down $99 duffel bag. So that's number one. Just like product pricing and margin structure upfront, I think could have been a major unlock if we realized that much earlier. The other that I alluded to was sort of this like brand direct response, balance. We just leaned so heavily into brand, where every influencer that we would like, even repost, had to be perfect and wearing the perfect thing and the perfect representation of the brand as opposed to. I mean, again, it seems so obvious now, but this whole world of, like, fine creators let people do things in their own voice and their own style. Like, we were super protective. On the other end of that spectrum, at the expense, I think, of, like, having stronger hooks, experimenting more trying things that were way outside of, like, our normal brand identity. I think we just miss that boat as well. You know, the tail end of the company was kind of the first few. Years of TikTok, and I think those things go hand in hand. If we had not had those constraints in place when we started on TikTok, I think it could have been an entirely different story.  
Them: Yeah, so. So kind of unit economics and also price point and positioning. You feel like we're really detrimental.  
Me: Absolutely. And then just this idea of, like, how on Brand everything needed to be. I think we were a little too. We were a little too old world about that, right?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. I guess it's generalizing here, but for me, it's. There's no brand until you hit, like, 50 million. I don't know.  
Me: I agree. I agree.  
Them: That's how I feel. Yeah. If you're not selling, who cares about brand? No one cares about. Yeah.  
Me: There's probably some things in retrospect with team as well, like, I think.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: I think we were correctly lean. I think the makeup of the team wasn't correct. Again, a little more. We shouldn't have had. We had again, we had a graphic designer. We paid 150k, like a very senior, very talented, good person. We shouldn't have had that. We should have skewed the team to be a little more doctor. Paid advertising, et cetera. But also, and I think no one gets this right, but just this idea of like, what is the right level of people to have relay on? Do you want a bunch of scrappy 25 year olds? Do you want a bunch of senior people? And I don't think there's any like, perfect answer there, but. I'm now the mindset, you know, five, eight, ten years away from starting all this of like, I'd rather have very experienced, very good people, be a little top heavy, but be leaner. Right. Because those people can have 10x the output of people with less experience. So, you know, that's a general statement, but I think in retrospect, I would have approached the seniority experience of people a little bit differently.  
Them: Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, I feel that way now, too, but it's easier to say when you're further along, I think. Then early on, it's also like, why? Why are they joining this uncertain startup business if such a killer? Right. So I feel like, yeah,  
Me: Yeah, yeah.  
Them: There's no right answer here. But, you know, I think. Maybe if you have a really sexy business, they'll. They'll join. Okay. Yeah, that's very good introspection. There. You manage 300 plus SKUs, right? Based on what you put here. In there. What was a system that you created to manage all of that? I mean, was it. I don't. I don't think there was the ERP or anything. Like, how did you manage SKU Kel? Like, project development? I assume you own forecasting and all that as well. Like, what was the system there that you created to manage this?  
Me: Created. To manage this. Basically Excel and spreadsheets for everything is the short answer.  
Them: Okay? Yeah. Yeah. Y.  
Me: I mean, there was a whole system around. You know, we had this idea. It was a fashion business, basically, right? So we had Evergreen Products, which for us was like, if you imagine the core rainbow colors,  
Them: Eah y. Eah.  
Me: And then we had our limited drop. So, you know, a coral purple, you know, whatever that's outside of the rainbow. And those would happen in drops throughout the year. And then we'd have the evergreen. So, like, we. We sort of ourselves created this system over time of, like, what are we going to sell and when. What do we need to have extra stock of versus? We want to sell out of things. Right? Like, and. And it wasn't right from day one. It took us, you know, it took us a year or two to figure out what's the right cadence. And I'm just managing all that in spreadsheets, frankly. Yeah, it wasn't any sort of sophisticated derby and we had like inventory management systems over time, used something called extensive, but. But I wouldn't say there was any huge value coming from a systems perspective at that point. It was more like, we need to be able to get in there and manually change it, make custom dashboards and systems and reporting just, you know, at the drop of a hat and change things up. So we never really relied on some big system or anything.  
Them: Yeah. You know, that that's kind of a problem that we experienced too, is that we. There's not really. Maybe we're just not good enough. But there's not really good way to nail down forecasting other than just a lot of manual input, because launches, I mean, I imagine with fashion, it's There's a lot of just things that happen and there's a lot of variability. I don't. I don't know that we figured out, like, a good system either.  
Me: That. Want variability. Consistent. Either. Yeah, I think every business is different, but.  
Them: Outside of.  
Me: A lot of my fractional work. I've helped people with this. Now, just like creating Snops. Do you have something like that?  
Them: Center operating procedures.  
Me: No, no. S and op. It's like a. It's a standard process where you're doing demand planning. I forget what it stands for. Sales and ops planning or something. It's a pretty common. Yeah, it's basically taking in your demand, your inventory, any marketing efforts.  
Them: Operation.  
Me: And determining, like, when you're going to stock out of things, Right? And you can layer on top of that all sorts of scenario planning. Right? What if we have a 10x Q4? What if Costco hits like, whatever? And again, I. I traditionally just built all of this myself. And the last time I really built some chunky ones was was probably for Zack Stuck's brand, which was like a year and a half, two years ago now. So this is like, this is before the AI that we could do it so easily now or much more easily now, but at the time it just like brute. Force Google sheets, right? And connecting different tabs and, like, you know, once a week, coming in on a Monday and doing an export from Shopify and from our inventory system, pumping that into a raw tab, having that automatically update dashboards, like, things like that, that ultimately let you see, like, okay, it's March 13th now. Oh, shit. This cell is turning red in June. What does that mean? It means we need to make sure we're hitting making a PO by April 10th or whatever like that. That type of planning. So there's ways of approaching it, but, like, I mean, no one's 100% accurate in forecasting, right? So all you can do is, like, put the information in front of everybody. Have discussions about it, talk about edge cases and then plan accordingly. Right? And in a business like yours, I imagine you have, you know, you have your hero skews, so cool. Let's make sure we have whatever the number is. Six months on hand of that stuff, right? Where? Maybe the CRM. You only need three. Months on hand or some other like long tail skew that you don't sell a ton of. Right. And so you just have a different thresholds, risk thresholds for different skus over time.  
Them: Yeah, that makes sense. And how are you determining those? Is that just based on the importance of the business or the tier approach?  
Me: Yeah. So you have the data, right? So how much do you sell these things? How much they contribute to the top line and to the bottom line? How much, how important are they from a marketing perspective? Look, if you rent, if you went out of stock at your helmets, that's a massive problem, right? If you ran out of soccer, maybe some of your supplements. Not ideal, but not as bad. Right, so you want to. You want to just sort of weigh things against each other. A business like yours, you don't have an extreme amount of skus. It wouldn't be that difficult of a process.  
Them: No, no, we do. We do have a lot of components, though, so that adds.  
Me: Yeah, yeah. Different story. The components within. Within the devices is a whole different story.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. Also with supplements. We're sourcing our own bottles and caps and. You know, shrink wrap, there's insert. There's a lot of, like, small, like, erp. Scutes, but not customer facing skus.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I view each one of those. Each product is its own thing, obviously, and once you have, you know, sort of the full waterfall of any given product, Now, that's. That's a thing to plan against, right? So I know given packaging and the label and the insert and all that stuff, Day zero to something in my warehouse. How long is that right? Given every. Every little minor thing component within that right? And then once I have that. Now I have a. Still have a threshold, right? You're studying on 2,000 units of a supplement or something. How many weeks on hand do you have? Do you have 12 weeks or do you have 30 weeks? Right. And that's a number to react to because, you know, there's two. There's two problems in a business like yours where you're scaling so quickly. One is running out of the hero stocks and the other is having too much stock of things that are less important. Because that's eating up. That's eating up fees and storage space and cash and all these things, right? So you're kind of tackling both of these things at once, right? And it just becomes something where every single month, you run this process, this S&OP, you see where you were relative to where. You thought you were. And then you adjust, right? And you continually adjust. And you might end all that saying, like, six months isn't enough supply of helmets. If we land some major retailer, we might get eight months of sales in two weeks, right? So guess what? We're always going to have 10 months of supply of helmets. You know, I'm just making that up, but that's something you just evolve over time.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, that's. That's so consistent with our current process. We don't call it Snop, but it's. We're doing a weekly review just because it's so dynamic at this point.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: But it's also. It's a huge time suck as well. I know.  
Me: And so how do you do that? Like, who runs it? Who leads that process? What tools, if any, are you using?  
Them: The director of ops and just spreadsheets, really. Yeah.  
Me: Does that feel like it's breaking?  
Them: No, but it's very labor intensive and time intensive.  
Me: And have you explored, like, automating, using AI, anything like that? Or that? Just haven't gotten there yet.  
Them: That's. That's for him and whoever's coming board to figure out.  
Me: I did have a quick question.  
Them: Yeah, I was going to say that's one of those things where I know needs to happen, but it's not top five on my list.  
Me: Yep, I get it. I was going to ask. So this director of ops, his name's Brandon, right?  
Them: Yeah. Correct. Yeah.  
Me: Can you show a little light and provide some clarity on this guy Daniel, who was the SVP of ops?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: For a long time when he left. Just a little more context.  
Them: Yeah. Good if you're good with it. Let's come back to this at the end and.  
Me: Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Cool. I'll jot that one down.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Good question. Okay? I'll just keep going here in the interest of time. As far as. So the winter of the moon.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: You know, Sounds like there were a lot of mistakes. Like, you learn a lot through the way. I'm sure as you became fractional, you saw, like, pattern match, like, where you're messing up on things. What did you. What did you guys really get right? Well, what went really well? Like what? What did.  
Me: That's. Great.  
Them: You perhaps should have doubled down on more there.  
Me: One thing that I think we got really right. To toot my own horn a little bit is the supply chain. I think that we had a really good product, really high quality across the board because of the way that we approach that of nominating all those suppliers, but also that, like, additional element of complexity of color, which was so important to our product and the brand. And was really, really hard to get right. You know, I didn't have an appreciation for this before the business, but. The ability to match the zipper to the fabric is. Is a nightmare. And doing that multiple, you know, multiplied by all these things over time was really tough to do. And it took us, you know, a while to get there. But I'm really proud of, like, the system we eventually landed on there. The other thing is just. Like from a relationship standpoint. I mean, by the end we got better and better terms over time. By the end we had 200 day plus terms, at which point began a 10 week pay cycle. Just crazy, crazy terms. And I think that happened for a couple reasons. One's relationships and the other is leverage, frankly. But from a relationship standpoint, I was over there so much. We did things like. So our main factor was in Vietnam. And so we would actually do off sites for the suppliers, or we'd fly all of them to the final factory. Tore the factory where all their components were being used. I would sort of like, you know, give a present to almost like an off site, right? Like give a presentation, walk them through our growth, explain our business, explain our brand. Exciting things that were coming down the pipeline. Show them imagery of things on social, kind of like get them excited and make them feel like they're a part of something. And then kind of, you know, have a little party. We went to a beach and took them out to dinner and did all these things that felt like it was like a level or two beyond what typical clients did whenever they would visit over there. And they really appreciated it. And ultimately, when it came time, when we were in a cash crunch and needed some help or needed things accelerated. That all helped. That helped. Now, there was other things at play there from a leverage standpoint, coming out of Covid and, you know, we were in a tough spot, but they were in an even tougher spot. And so we had a lot of things to our advantage there to ultimately get really strong terms. But I don't think it would have happened if we didn't, like, build those relationships in a really strong way. So that's something I feel really good about. I look back on and think that. That we kind of nailed. Brand is another one. You know, I talk about the fact that we invested it too much, but it is the thing that sort of stood the test of time. You know, I still follow the brand and I still get emails and, like, there's things I see in there that are us. Right. That I know have stood the test of time and are extremely consistent, not just, like, visually and digitally, but even from a product standpoint. And a lot of this I learned from my partner. But I'm sure you do this with your products as well. But the idea of, like, consistent product language across different products, whether it's the radius of a button or the way certain, you know, stitching is used across different products. Like that type of consistency and brand, product language. I think we. We did well. You know, we punched well above our weight. And again, the brand is still around, and I think that that part of it has stood the test of time.  
Them: Yeah, yeah, I definitely know what you're talking about because we like our devices we have. You know, we have, like, The straps of fabric does that match the. The eye guard? And, you know, it's hard to nail down in terms of. And it's. It's not perfect, for sure, for us because we're working in so many different materials, so I can imagine.  
Me: So. I can imagine. Yeah, it gets harder and harder over time. Right? And, yeah, you do your best and it points. Things will be inconsistent, but even if you have that just mindset and eventually you can, you know, get everything caught up, so to speak.  
Them: How. Right? Yeah. Y. Eah. Yeah. Yeah. I try not to be too perfectionist about it, because otherwise I take forever.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: One last thing. I'll say that I, you know, we never really got to see this to fruition, so maybe it wasn't the right decision. But we were extremely. In a similar way that we were brain protective. We were extremely protective from a wholesale retail perspective. So we had, you know, we had inbound three. Months into the business from every mom and pop and every retailer you can imagine. And we were extremely disciplined about saying no, basically. And, you know, the first people that we worked with was Urban Outfitters and eventually Nordstrom's. And, like, we were very strategic about using these, like, tier one retailers and then sort of laddering. Down from there to make sure that, you know, it was only serving the purpose of Brandon Awareness. Not necessarily like a revenue generating thing, but it mattered, right? It mattered if we went into some, like, shitty retailer early on because that represented the brand in a way that ultimately would hurt us, right? So we were very disciplined about that again. Maybe that was the wrong decision, retrospect, and we should have just, like, tried to get Walmart or something, but it felt. It felt like the right move.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. It's hard to know, but we we made a similar decision early on too, which I attributed being the right move where we actively rejected wholesalers and retailers and just went DDC all the way. I thought it was the right decision because it allowed us control pricing reviews and just maintain control of everything. And actually, I saw another competitor that launched around the same time do the other route, and they failed accurately.  
Me: It's. Hard to know. But we. Did some. Retail. Ers. And. Just. Around. The same time. Do the up front. Really?  
Them: So in a funny way, I have the fork because there was a brand that launched.  
Me: Because. There was a friend.  
Them: And I saw what happened to them, and then we won the market, so.  
Me: That's interesting. That's interesting. Yeah.  
Them: Yeah, for sure. I got a couple more. I want to move on to your fractional roles.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: You know, you. Sounds like there were a lot of things happening at the time. You know, if I were to talk to your co founders, and what would they say were your biggest strength as an operator?  
Me: Why would you say your biggest. Strength. I think my biggest strengths are acting with a sense of urgency. I'm of extremely quickly, my ability to sort of dissect complex problems and distill them down in a way I'm really good at, like, asking questions and digging and digging and digging across a very wide set of functional areas. I don't know, just being tech savvy and sort of like digitally native, truly, so to speak, I think has helped me. I mean, the earlier part of my career, before all of my entrepreneurship was in tech and product management. So that's just like kind of a part of who I am. And I think just being an ecommerce business, that extra layer of, like, intuition has really helped to. It has just really helped me across the board, you know, fractionally in my own business, et cetera.  
Them: Yeah, that makes sense. In 2026, that's an even higher leverage skill.  
Me: Yeah. I mean, being AI native, I think, is huge. I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A lot. A lot. We could go into there.  
Them: Massive. Yeah. Are you technical in terms of programming? Did you. Were you in software engineering or were you more working like technical product management, working with engineers?  
Me: Yeah. So I was never truly a software engineer, but I can code a bit. So way back in college, I majored in what's called information systems, which you can think of as, like, the middle ground between business and computer science. So I took programming classes. I took SQL. Like, I know all of it. But any engineer out there is going to be more skilled than me. But I can speak the language of a developer. I've managed tons of developers over the years in my product management role. So enough to be dangerous. And now given AI like I can be very dangerous basically, right? I can read code, understand things in a way that a truly non technical person couldn't, I think.  
Them: Yeah. I would say for someone like you, AI is the best thing to ever happen. Because now, because business context is so much more valuable.  
Me: It's. No. Context. It's so valuable.  
Them: With AI and the execution layers just cloud code or whatever. So you dream it and you have the context. There's so much. I think it flipped, whereas, like, before. Yeah. So it's. It's.  
Me: I. Agree. Would you consider yourself technical in any way?  
Them: No, I wouldn't say I'm technical, but I'm tech savvy. You know, kind of similar. I mean, to. To operate at ehome business, you kind of have to be. Yeah, but no, I wouldn't say I'm technical. Okay, great. Leslie, just. You know, I know you guys eventually sold, but can you walk me through the decision of like, how you guys came to decision to sell the business and wrap things up? Like, what were the impetus? What are the decisions are things that led to that decision?  
Me: You guys. Came to. The decision to sell. Business and round things out like we'll just decisions. I think that much hard decision. Yeah. So, like I said, for the most part, other than the earliest days, we were never really raising money from a position of strength. So we got caught in these, you know, these different situations over time, and we're like, all right, we need some more cash. Here's our plans. And we kind of go out and. Do the rounds again with our existing investors, new investors. And, you know, this has happened several times over the years. And became super challenging there in, like, 2022. Which I think is when iOS14 hit, in April of that year, if I remember. So it was. It was a real struggle. The business is in a tough spot. We had negotiated these amazing terms with our factories, but all that really meant is that we had a huge amount of debt. We were getting away with not having to pay people for a very long time. Right? So we're in this very sort of tricky position where we needed more capital, we're getting more and more diluted as founders. Right. And so ultimately, we didn't even necessarily decide to sell the business right away. We decided to test the waters. So we tested the waters of, like, is there more financing out there for a company of our size at this stage, given our track record and the brand, etc. To just raise more bridge, like, whatever. It might be. We even went through these, like, really creative scenarios of, like, recapitalizing the business and, you know, starting a new entity and, you know, redoing the cap table and all sorts of funky things to, like, keep the business going if we had to. But pretty quickly realized, like, there was zero market, like, zero for funding at that time for a company of our size and situation, etc. And so we're like, you know what, we think we've hit the limit here, so let's, let's just like, explore sale, right? And again, not some great outcome by any means, but a chance to kind of put a bow on it. Hand it off, have it continue on, and at least have a future with or without us and maybe get a small something out of it, and that's eventually what happened there.  
Them: Got it. And what was a sale process, like, in terms of diligence and, like, what was your role in.  
Me: Like. What was your wall?  
Them: That.  
Me: I'd say I played a secondary, so I wasn't, like, leading it, but, you know, played an active role because they were so small.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So creating the data rooms, you know, there's a whole. There's a whole process to diligence that is very painful, as I'm sure you might be aware. Even for, you know, the size is almost irrelevant, the size of the deal. I'd say it took, like, six months in total from when we kind of knew the buyer. And it sucked, frankly. You know, there's the tactics of it, which is, you know, building the data rooms, providing the data, having all your contracts, like all the legalese buttoned up, like all that stuff, which is very painful. I have a much different, different view on that now of how I would prepare for that ahead. Of time, but then there's also just, like, the emotional side of it with your team. Right. So things weren't going awesome with the business. We couldn't tell them we were selling the business. So morale was this kind of, like, tricky thing. Over time, we're getting ready to throw in the towel, basically. So that was like. That was probably the most challenging time of the entire business. Once we knew we were selling, it was just, you know, if it would be one thing if it took two weeks, right? But taking six months, that was. That was tough.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, I. I can imagine that. You said you back in. You say you would have done things differently to prepare for that. Now can you talk about that?  
Me: Sure. At the simplest way I put it is like building to sell, right? So, you know, you and your business right now, even if you don't plan on selling it for two or three years, you know, 234 years from now, I would start planning for it right now. And what does that mean? That means. Having an actual data room. Right. Just creating the discipline and whatever that means. There's probably some initial dump of things there. But then it might be having quarterly board level financials that you put in there. Right. Might be organizing your data in a certain way. Certainly now with AI, you know, the idea of having an SOP for every single thing. In the business. Not just for humans, but for, like, AI agents and MD files, right? Like, I just think there's a whole new way of setting this up now. Where come two years from now, you're going to look so buttoned up and be so easy for someone to diligence you. You're basically creating structured. Data for someone else that's inevitably going to use AI to diligence you. And so if you're just, like, thinking about that ahead of time and not waiting till it happens and going back and like, oh, shit, what do we do with 10 years of data right now, right? It's like, no, no. Let's do it as it's happening in real time so that it's, like, queued up and that whole process becomes much, much easier. One of the reasons it takes six months or eight months or 12 months is because everyone starts it whenever the sale begins, right? So if you just start that ahead of time and have some discipline. I think that process can go much faster. And sometimes it going two months faster is the difference between it happening or not, right?  
Them: Yeah, makes sense. Especially if you're. You have to hit forecast and projections and things like that.  
Me: You'd have. To hit 4,000. Yeah. Yeah. The longer goes on, the more risk there is. Right. So I want to. You want to get that done as quickly as possible.  
Them: 's a really good insight. Yeah. Yeah. And it's consistent with what I hear from everybody that's gone through the process. It's the worst time of their lives.  
Me: 100%. 100%. Yeah. Which I think, you know, depending on the size of the business. And like you, if you bring on a coo, it's a whole different thing if you don't have to be worrying about the day to day ops of the business. Right. And you can focus on this as fun or not fun as it might be. At least it's not like a distraction from something else. Or vice versa.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. And that's how I know we're not ready today. Because we're not. Like, if I left the business for three months, it would. It would be a bad thing.  
Me: For. Three months. Yeah, I mean, the other thing. I'm sure you're doing this already, but, like, in your position with this business of this scale is like building relationships much earlier, right? Having those conversations with this corp Dev people and the strategics and whatever, and, like, with no intention of selling so that you know, you're. Connecting dots. So I'm sure you don't know already.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. I'm talking to all the bankers. And mp and all that. Cool. Okay. I want to move on to Formoso Consulting just in the interest of time.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: You worked with a few brands here. I don't know zach well, but I've met zach hall. Also. I would love to just understand kind of a very similar questions like what what you were able to accomplish. It's a little bit harder. To ask these questions because usually you're kind of like, what's the reporting structure? And all that, but because you're fractional, I think it's more. So, like, what did you come in to do? Like, how did you transform the business if you did take on reports, what that looked like, just maybe. Going down the list like Easy Street.  
Me: Ask. These questions. I think. It's. What? Did you come into do? How did you. Transform the business. If you didn't take on. The course of what that looked like. Just maybe going. Down with a stream.  
Them: And helping me understand your impact in each of these functional roles.  
Me: Sure. So Easy Street. Whenever I came on and then I don't remember the exact timing of this. This is probably the end of 2023.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: At the time. It's interesting. Zach in his business, he. Had almost completely different looking make portfolio of brands at that time. He sold off a couple of these, added some new ones. It's a very different looking thing now, but at the time, hall of Socks, which he's most sort of public about, was about a $20 million brand. And then he had a handful of other smaller brands. I think one was around 7,8 million. It was a laundry detergent brand and then some smaller ones. And you know, Zach is a marketer. He had a marketing agency just announced that he sold yesterday. And so did you see that?  
Them: I don't know. That's cool. No. No, I didn't see. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. He announced that Homestead was acquired.  
Them: Okay, makes sense.  
Me: Yeah. I forget the name of the group that bought it.  
Them: Very cool.  
Me: But anyway, so that. That's him by trade, right? So he went off and started these brands, and he did the whole code model, and for the most part, it was people that he cobbled together from personal relationships in Wisconsin. Right. So this wasn't like he's going out and plucking people from the D to C ecosystem who was a retention person and this, that and the other. Right. Like, he. He had this very sort of homegrown team, a little bit remote, but a lot of people in Wisconsin and all very junior. So he had a very junior finance person, a very junior ops person. And these people were just, like, kind of good at the blocking and tackling. Like, the finance person could handle, like, arap. They don't know what a vlookup was. So just, just sort of very, very, very junior folks. But he was such a good marketer that they were able to grow these brands to a decent amount. And so I think similar to you, I don't know if this is truly the case, but you had this crisis. Right. And I think that was one of the impetus for you of like, I need to hire a coo maybe he kind of had a similar thing where they got a crazy wasn't on the fulfillment side, but it was on the actual inventory side and supply chain side where, like, they ran out of yarn, the raw material that is needed for the product, and it caused this, like, colossal issue for them. And I think he's like, the wheels are falling off. I need some help. Right? So we connected through a personal friend brought me on of, like, I don't know what's wrong, like, help me. And I actually, I was. You know, some of my clients, I work, like, one day a week. I think I was on, like, four days a week for him, which meant like, six days a week. So I was like full time, basically on his team.  
Them: Okay. Interesting. Okay.  
Me: And I was in every slack channel. I was on every meeting. It was like I was a member of the team and it was sort of like I was a part time co founder for him. And I was just like the left brain to his right brain. And I had so much, you know, experience and knowledge and things that seem simple to me of like, why don't. Why don't you just create this dashboard and do this? Why don't you have a cash flow statement? Why don't you track your inventory in this way? Why don't you use. This system like it was. It was pretty easy to have a lot of impact very early on because there was nothing or there was total chaos. So just kind of providing my experience in that way was super helpful. And then also to those he had more employees, but specifically those two employees, the junior finance and Ops person, I became their pseudo manager. Not on paper or anything, but I was their manager. I was helping them in a daily basis, coaching them up, showing them how to use Google sheets, showing them how to use these formulas, and just kind of leveling them up over time. And I still keep in touch with them. I caught up with both of them maybe two months ago or so. And they're still using stuff that I. That I built for them originally. So I think I just sort of parachuted in there, added a lot of value. There's some more tactical things I did on the supply chain side, helping them negotiate and find debt and, like. Do a bunch of things that had some, some really big impact on the business. But I think just like from a team and organizational standpoint, it was kind of just going from 0 to 1 or 0 to 10. In those few months there.  
Them: Yeah. Got you. And you. You were there from 20 to 40 million dollars.  
Me: I was there. I'm trying to remember. It was probably about a five or six month period there stretch. And they. Yeah, I think in that, you know, it's not like in those five months they went from 20, 40, maybe from a run rate perspective. I know this year they'll do north of. Or last year they did north of 50. This year a little bit close to 80, something like that. So I forget where exactly in that timeline I left, but that was at that sort of inflection point there.  
Them: So you left last year. Sometime last year.  
Me: Would have been in 24.  
Them: 24. Okay.  
Me: I came in a couple times after that, just for, like, some quick projects, like they needed to redo their snop. Like this dashboard that I built, things like that. I would kind of swoop in and I just, you know, I chat with Zach every few months or so and just kind of talk strategy and stuff. Like that. But, yeah, my. My dedicated time, where I was there, like, four days a week, was what ended sometime in 24.  
Them: Got. It, okay? And. And it seems like you drove a lot of impact. Was it just you wanted to stay fractional? What was the decision to move on? Was on Zach's part. Did he hire full time?  
Me: He did not hire full time. I think that was always the understanding up front, Zach.  
Them: What happened there?  
Me: Is. Zach has always been sort of a solo operator. We talked about it. We actually flirted with the idea over time of me becoming a partner at one point. It just didn't feel right. Timing wise for either of us. And I was enjoying the fractional thing. It was more flexible for me. Making good money, had other clients, getting ready to have a kid, all that stuff. So just like time in life, it wasn't. It wasn't right. But it's not like he was begging me to be his partner or anything either. We just. We talk about it, but ultimately didn't. Want to do that.  
Them: Gotcha. Okay, makes sense. So. So what I'm hearing is you create. You basically created order to the chaos. You just put in, like 101 stuff in terms of operations, finance. There just wasn't a lot of fundamentals there outside of really quantity.  
Me: In terms. Of my business. But yes. Yeah. Not a lot of fundamentals. And then, like these bigger. You know, there was a little bit. Zach, probably a parallel to you in some ways. He was just stretched so thin across the business, and he. He's a. He's a 10x100x marketer. And so every minute that he is spending on something else, Is an opportunity cost against his highest leverage value. And I think that was one of the major things that I unlocked for him, certainly during that time and even beyond when I left, by leveling up some of the people that could step into some of those other functions. So, you know, specifically Zach getting on calls to talk about yarn delivery and yarn pricing. It's just like, you might as well put nails down a chalkboard for him. Like, just a nightmare scenario for him. Right where that excites me. And so I think just allowing him to, like, cool, go off and, like, create your new landing pages and offers and wild ideas. Like, I think freeing up his time for that was a. A huge value to him.  
Them: Yeah. Got it makes sense. You put it here on the resume. Big lover. Got ahead of raw material purchasing at the fiber level, negotiated volume discounts. So this was a thing you came in to fix?  
Me: Well, to be honest, in that situation, it was like I didn't know. I didn't know I was coming to fix that. I don't think he did either. But if I remember correctly, within two weeks, we identified that, and we're like, oh, this is a. This is a problem. And we started attacking that.  
Them: Got it. Basically, you have to go source for your suppliers and make sure there's enough rods.  
Me: Yeah. So they had a very. The way their supply chain works is they have to. They have to buy the raw yarn from Peru. There's like two big vendors there and that has its own, like, three month life cycle and payment terms and then that's delivered to a factory in the US So end to end. Their life cycle is, like, six months long.  
Them: Too.  
Me: But they got to pay for some of that yarn up front, so it's a. It's a cash nightmare.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: And it's. Honestly, it's a nightmare of a business. It's terrible. You know, his. His supplement business is probably three times the size and, like, 3,000% easier than this. But anyway, so we attacked that in a couple ways. One is like negotiating prices, negotiating better terms with the yarn. So trying to just like reduce that six months, not to something normal, but better than six months. And then the biggest lever for them was debt, right? So using way flyers of the world, things like that, and that just. Required almost back to the like diligence in preparing to sell question like we just need to create the financial discipline and reporting so that we go more easily have the conversations around debt to have this unlocked. And that's ultimately what they did.  
Them: Yeah. Okay, that makes sense. And then. And then the cell phone bread. What was the supplement brand?  
Me: It's called mars men.  
Them: Mars men, okay?  
Me: Yeah. It's like natural testosterone stack. It's cr. I don't know how publicly he is about this. It was just starting around the time I was there. I mean, they were doing 20k months.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: They'll do more than 150 million this year.  
Them: That's crazy.  
Me: Yeah, just scale like crazy. And. And to be clear, I didn't have a big role in that. A little bit of the same finance and ops people were working on that, and so I'm helping them create some of these initial spreadsheets and cash flow and inventory tracking, all that, but not, not taking Credit. For the 1 to 150 million there by any means.  
Them: Okay? You just help with, like, operational infrastructure.  
Me: Yeah, and super early. Like, they didn't really crack the code until last year. And once they figured that out, once. I don't know if you've seen this guy, Jordan Menard, give any talks. The instant hydration guy.  
Them: Yeah, I'm familiar.  
Me: He talks about this idea of natural cac, which is super interesting. It's basically like, what is the level of CAC that Meta will spend an infinite amount of money on?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Right? And if you can unlock the rest of your business to allow for that cac, it's like off to the races.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: Couple that with, like, heavily pushing subscription. So almost a little bit of Gray Hattie techniques, in my opinion, of, like, forcing subscription. And then the last bit of that is like the model is taking contribution margin. For subscription. So it might even be 100% subscription or 95 plus percent subscription. Taking that contribution margin. And using that as your marketing spend in the following month. And stacking it so it takes maybe three to six months to, like, compound enough to matter, but once you hit that inflection point, it's. I mean, they went whatever, 20 to 150 million in a year, but it's a combination of all of those things that has made that work. And so. That was Zach's playbook as well for this business.  
Them: That's. Yeah, that. That makes sense. I mean, I'm friends with, like, the guys from Joby Coffee. I don't know if you're familiar with.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. What's. Brandon, brendan.  
Them: Brendan. Yeah. Brendan. Justin. Yeah, I'm pretty. Pretty good buddies with them. They're running the mastermind that I told you about. So. Yeah, so same thing for them. They just scaled so quickly because they nailed down the funnel delaying. Same exact. They're just marketers, just new unit economics. I mean, like, they're just, they're so sharp.  
Me: Awesome.  
Them: It was the same thing. Like Joby just exploded. I think they'll do like 2, 300 this year or something.  
Me: It's the. Same thing. Like top, we just expl. Ode or single? Two. 300. Unbelievable. Yeah. I met Brandon in Hampton. I'm in Hampton with him.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: So I met him there. Yeah. I mean, it's just like financial engineering at the end of the day, but you obviously have to be a good marketer on top of all this, you know?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah, I love that. It's the unfortunate part about just like you're a bag business for us, our core product. They don't yet have those Economics. Although I'd love to get our supplements and whatnot there. It's different.  
Me: I'd love. To get your supplement. For the. How. How mature are the supplements in that sense?  
Them: Not very mature. It's up 10% of the business. So we just haven't pushed them. It's actually an interesting question. You know, just a sidebar for a second, which is the idea of, you know, does it make sense for this supplement business or topical business to exist under the Iris store brand, which is inherently a little bit technology forward in the branding and the position. Right. It's almost like Apple selling supplements. Yeah, they're Apple, but do you really want to buy supplements from Apple? You know, it's like that's kind of how that. That's the analogy I think of. You know, everybody try to do the same thing.  
Me: Or. A tumble. Because there's two. Hundred. Inherently technology forward in. The. State. That was.  
Them: I use that analogy? Last time we talked, they had the thing and they tried to sell creams. They turned ourselves up. That's like, people don't really want to buy creams. Their body. Even though they were doing like some hundred million and they had Ronaldo, they had like all these, like, you know what? I mean, it's like there's something inherently disingenuous as opposed to, like. I don't know, what is it? Like, instant hydration. Like, they're selling hydration packets. Like, that makes total sense. You know what I mean? So it's almost like.  
Me: Trying to create. As opposed to. Instagram. That makes total sense.  
Them: You could do the same thing, but is that under a different brand, and that would be much higher leverage, like you would pay off much better.  
Me: And that would be much better.  
Them: Than trying to do everything under the same umbrella. Right.  
Me: At that point, though, why do it? It's like a. It's an entirely different business, unless you want a Holdco model. But it's not like there's some sort of synergy there at that point, right?  
Them: Right. There could be synergy. Let's say we were to do like a supplement business for hair specifically. There's some synergy there because we could include a free bottle with all device.  
Me: Because we. Could.  
Them: Purchases. To like. It's almost like if consumers didn't know. And there's iris roll, which is best in real light. And there's, take the example, Mars, man. That's best for hair growth, testosterone. We partner together, and so we're going to include this $30 bottle on every single. Like that. Makes a lot that's less disingenuous than, like, hey.  
Me: Consum. Ers didn't know when there's. A. Couple.  
Them: We're the best in red light, and we're also the best in hair growth, and we have the best topical. You know, it's like, I think there's something there. That's. Yeah.  
Me: That's interesting. You know, I had a. I had a similar is reaction to buying the mask.  
Them: Y.  
Me: And getting emails from Irestore Hair growth system.  
Them: Eah. Is that. Is that what it says? Okay.  
Me: Yeah, I thought that was very. Strange and bad for the brand.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. I don't know if you've seen that or how intentional that is or if you've thought of it, but.  
Them: Interesting. That's probably a mistake. We should have fixed that one. Let me.  
Me: Yeah, I noticed that right away. And I was like, ooh. Because not everyone is a customer of both. And when I. When I'm thinking of beauty, There's definitely a negative connotation to receiving that email.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Because we used to be all hair.  
Me: Yeah, I understand why.  
Them: I think someone just forgot to update that one. Yeah.  
Me: But, I mean, that matters, right? It does.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. And that's. That's kind of the conversation I have with myself, you know? It's like, does it make sense, right? And, you know. And, you know, Hong Kong's. I don't know, there needs to be a lot of synergy where it's also just a huge distraction.  
Me: Feel.  
Them: You know, I don't know what you feel watching was acted. Is it? Would he have better been better off just focusing on one? Right versus. Trying to do so many different things. You know, the supplement business. What if he just focus on that? Could that be 250, 300 versus, you know, what's your perspective there?  
Me: What if. You just focus on that. 100%.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. I like that. He tried so many things. In some cases, even acquired very small businesses. And sometimes he started them. But, like, you can tell fairly early what the winners are. And, yeah, I thought. I thought he should have gotten out of Hollow two years ago. I think as soon as the supplement became clear, like, he just stopped doing everything else, right? Like, 100%. It makes sense to a certain point. And then you just got to cut the losers much more. Kind of like people, right? You got. To cut a much more quickly and double down in the winters.  
Them: Y. Eah. Yeah, like a whole call as a way to like validate which one is going to be the winner and then the moment of signal drop, the non winners.  
Me: 100. Yeah. Now, there was something really interesting and inspiring from a team perspective. Like, everyone was really bought into the holdco idea and, like, jumping around and, like, it was kind of exciting and interesting for people, right? But they also understood at the end of the day who the winners were and who they weren't and like, I think it made for better employees, ultimately.  
Them: Yeah, that makes sense.  
Me: Y. Eah. Anyway.  
Them: Yeah. I try to tell myself, just focus. Don't. I mean, there's. There's all the arguments for and against, right? You have the same team, same whatever. You just apply to different category. But I hear, like, what you're saying is what I often hear, too, so I stop myself from getting distracted.  
Me: It's tough, though. It's enticing.  
Them: Yes, absolutely. I don't think we need to go through every single experience here.  
Me: Every single. One.  
Them: I'm just looking at it. I am very interested in just what you were able to do with AI and automation across different engagements.  
Me: Of. These you.  
Them: You put here built a powered influencer, processing systems, LLM based scoring. Can you talk about that and what you're able to build?  
Me: Put here. Sure. Yeah. So that one's. This isn't really on my resume, but that. That was actually something I did for a brand that I was considering launching.  
Them: Okay?  
Me: And the real short story there is I was launching a supplement. I had a partner, a friend of mine was launching a supplement brand for women in perimenopause and menopause. And it was basically like a protein, collagen, creatine combo.  
Them: Y. Eah.  
Me: Meant for women that work out, and it's kind of strain focused and whatever. And I worked on this for 812 months or so over the past year and a half. Ultimately, we decided to pull the plug. For a couple reasons. The product was too expensive. This woman who was a friend of mine, just had a second. He had two kids under two. Her husband was about to sell an agency, didn't really need the money, wasn't motivated in the same way where a bunch of reasons. We often decided, you know what this isn't actually the thing. But along that journey, and this is the past year and a half, I mean, I'm basically immersed in all these tools. Even for this, like, interview prep. There's a ton of stuff that I used and built just to stay fresh with it and help myself. But this thing specifically, I basically built this machine where we started with an initial set of influencers. And using LLMs and something called N8N, if you're familiar. I basically built this thing. We're on a daily basis, we'd go and find people that were commenting on certain post, feed them through like a scoring algorithm, see how many followers they had, and ultimately determine if they were someone worth reaching. Out to and then create custom personalized DMs to reach out to them and have a bot that would go in DM, 50 plus people a day across multiple accounts. So I spent maybe two months, like, building this thing so that every morning I'd wake up and hit go. And this whole process would. Begin, and we would just kind of have lead gen for who would ultimately be like, influencers and people that we would seed the product to prior to launch. And we didn't end up launching the product, and it became moot. But I built this, like, sort of whole system over time in like, an internal CRM. To manage all of them, et cetera. And so, you know, I used all the tools you're familiar with, GPT and Claude and Nadan and all these sort of things. So that's what that's referring to. That wasn't for any specific client. But yeah.  
Them: Yeah, that's. That's awesome. It's cool because we're building that as well right now, so. Yeah, yeah. Ours is for influencer outreach as well. So we're trying to scale that up because I think that's a big area of opportunity for us.  
Me: We're. Trying to scale that up. Anyone's a. Bit. Ready. For us.  
Them: So.  
Me: How much is AI a part of a, like, company culture right now?  
Them: It's not enough. I think there's. And this is one of the things I struggle with, is how to. Hold the company board in that sense.  
Me: Sense.  
Them: You know what is being an AI enabled or AI for a company look like for us?  
Me: A. I enabled. For us.  
Them: I don't have a great solution. One thing that I've done is I've brought on an AI consultant. He's doing a weekly call with the marketing team, at least. Because that's what Tyson doctors and just being available in Slack to answer questions.  
Me: Just be a good one.  
Them: I think. I think when we last talked, I mentioned, you know, me firing off a bunch of Twitter threads and, like, YouTube videos. It doesn't really do anything because, you know, they have to want it.  
Me: YouTube video. Yeah.  
Them: So I think the people that are on top of it are originally on top of it, and there's a few of them, but as a whole, I think there's not, like, a strong momentum there. So I don't have a great solution right now. I'm just trying to focus on. I'm not trying to make everybody AI enable. I'm just trying to make the few people that are open to it and will go a lot further with the biggest problems. That's kind of my approach for now. So, you know, like influencer and content, those are two big levers.  
Me: Few people.  
Them: Those people need to be AI forward and AI enabled. And I'm willing to invest in coaching, consulting, whatever it is to help unblock them. There's things like CX which were totally underutilizing. AI about to let that person go.  
Me: Were totally under.  
Them: But it's just like, I'm not going to make someone go from two out of ten.  
Me: But. It's just like. Sorry. Which person?  
Them: Director of customer Experience.  
Me: Yeah, I'm really curious about. You have a pretty massive CX team, right?  
Them: Yes, and that shouldn't be the case. So, no, I'm sure if you were to come on board, you would say, why the hell you have 25 people on this team. And I would say,  
Me: I was wondering.  
Them: I agree with you. And the reason, the real reason is it's been said of that way and the leader in that role. Hasn't adapted to what is possible in 2026. That's the real reason. Right. And it's again, it's the same thing that I mentioned earlier with inventory.  
Me: Within. The torture.  
Them: Thing. I know the problem, but I know it's not a problem for me to solve.  
Me: I don't support. Them.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. Because I don't. My role is to put the right person in that seat. If I'm solving that problem, I am the CX director. And it just. It's. That's happening all over the business. And that's why I'm talking to you. Because I see the fire. I see that fire.  
Me: And that's why I thought.  
Them: But I'm like, I want to focus here. Innovation, product, morning sales, distribution. I'm going to let these fires burn. But I hope someone can parachute. And fix those things.  
Me: Is there anyone else? That's an obvious non fit right now.  
Them: Yes. So. One of the product managers we want to let go as well. It's not as relevant to. To this role that we're talking about.  
Me: We're talking. You mean like physical product?  
Them: Physical product. Yeah, physical. And then there is a. There's a need for a digital product manager, so that's more of a hire.  
Me: Manager.  
Them: Because we have a mobile app. And not. Not great ownership there.  
Me: Oh, right.  
Them: Also owned by the CX director, so she's. She's on the way out. So we need to replace that and what I want to. So Product manager and director of cx. And then to answer your question from earlier, in terms of you asked about Brandon and Daniel, so. Brendan, we talked about him last time. You kind of know what you get there. Tell him what to do, he'll get he'll. Do a good, good job.  
Me: And torture cx to answer your question,  
Them: Daniel. His title is SVP of Ops, but he's really the Chief of Staff by function and Head of hr. Yeah, it's one of those things where the title doesn't really match responsibilities.  
Me: It's one of those things where the title doesn't really match. But is he on his way out?  
Them: He's also on his way out. Yes.  
Me: Okay, what does that mean? Does that mean you've given him the luxury of heads up?  
Them: Yes. So, general I have. It's kind of like what you described. We were friends from college, so we have a personal relationship. And he spent with the business for eight and a half years.  
Me: He? 's owned the business for. Eight and a half years. Oh, wow.  
Them: And I think there's been, you know, you've worked with friends, so, you know. There's challenges there as far as working together, but I am the CEO and he is not. And that creates a lot of problems for a dynamic as friends and we've created. There's a lot of friction relationship in terms of person.  
Me: Challenges they have as far as. He? Was he, like, managing Brandon, or was that, like a separate sort of.  
Them: He was managing Brandon, but he was so not. He was scpop. So he. Naturally, he. He should take on the director of ops. But it was becoming pretty clear that he was just a messenger for me. And so last year, we just made the switch of Brendan reporting to me, which is way smoother because I'm. Not an expert on, but I have way more context on Ops than Daniel did, because Daniel was really like,  
Me: Thing. He could take on the. Threshold. For me. And so. Just make the switch. Up. Report to me. Which is way forward. Because.  
Them: Chief of staff in HR and his interest a lot more. In HR stuff, really like people hr. How do we create a better culture? How do we create better bonds? How do we run, like, really good events? And then that's just reality. And then, you know, we've had a lot of friction because I'm kind of like, you know, you're getting paid a lot. You're in the seat. You're not really taking things.  
Me: That's just reality. Because I kind of like, you know, taking the right.  
Them: Like all the problems I'm describing to you. Were. Those were his responsibilities. But report to me, it reports to him. And so I'm pretty frustrated because I'm like, what? You're letting this director of CX hang out here?  
Me: Yeah, yeah.  
Them: At above market comp and not implementing AI and I have to come and be like, guys, what are you doing? Right. It's just. It's not working. And he's thinking about, how do we create battery bands in culture? I'm like, this. This is not what I need out of the number two.  
Me: This is not what need out of the number two.  
Them: And you don't have. He doesn't have enough drive and depth in econ. And that's why he has become a messenger for me.  
Me: That's why. He has to be able to.  
Them: Because you know, you know.  
Me: Basically.  
Them: It was like, why, why, why? Why are you here? Why don't I just talk directly to Brandon?  
Me: Just. Talk directly to President.  
Them: And that's exactly what we did, and it's way better. But the problem, of course, which we talk about is now everybody reports me and I have no time. A lot of people come to me, like, what's Daniel's role? And I'm like,  
Me: So when. When is he transitioning out?  
Them: These transitional first week in me. So. So because of our relationship? Yeah, because of our relationship. You know, I had the conversation with them. You know, when we started the search and I just said, hey.  
Me: Sort of. The search and legisl. Ation.  
Them: Well, I'll just give you some context. He came to me and he said, hey, I think I should be the coo.  
Me: I think I should be a zero.  
Them: And you know, I've given eight years, nine years of the company. I think I should be a coo. And you know, that's the next step of my career. And if I. I don't get what I want, I don't like. I don't think this is for me. And I thought about it for a week, and I went to and said, Nicely that this is where it's sitting. I don't keep being that role. So I'd like you to amicably transition out company. So that's. That's what happened.  
Me: Y. That's. That's really tough. I empathize with you, but.  
Them: Yeah. If you remember, when we first talked, you asked me about keeping up at night. You know, it's. It's things like this where. Someone's Even he wasn't able to take that C. He's been loyal. He's been a big contributor in a lot of ways. And do you have to go down and basically tell him to leave?  
Me: Even doing it the way you're doing. My wife works for a CPG company and I overhear her calls all the time. And that CEO does a similar thing all the time with people that have been very lawyers just kind of like, gives them a heads up and like, hey, we both agree this isn't the best fit going forward, but I'm going to give you time. Like, I'm not just, like, firing you now. Like, here's your heads up. And I think that's a really generous thing to do. It can bite you, certainly, but I think if you don't, if you trust people enough, I think that's a really nice thing.  
Them: Yeah. I mean, I had pathane path B based on how the conversation went. Like, screw you. Yeah, that would have been like path B right away.  
Me: Yeah, yeah.  
Them: And I. I have pieces ready for that.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Path. I understand. Let me know how it can help the transition, which is what happened.  
Me: Y.  
Them: So that's why I felt comfortable given 60 to 90 day period of transition.  
Me: Ep.  
Them: So that was the best outcome for both of us. And I give him extremely severance package on the way out, so he's gonna.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. That's really nice. Are you. I'm totally fine to go over right now. Do you have time?  
Them: I have about 15, 20. That's good with you?  
Me: Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  
Them: I feel like we can talk all day.  
Me: Yeah, absolutely. A ton of questions.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. But, yeah, that's a good question because. I think with our conversation and just things you're gathering, you can tell that there's been. There's a need for leadership change in terms of this company.  
Me: You. Can tell that.  
Them: And that's kind of what we're going through now. There's. I think I mentioned to you last time that. I've been Mr. Nice Guy for a long time for this business, and that's changed a lot over the past half year or so, which.  
Me: 's a nice. Little hyper.  
Them: Is just recognizing we need to go here and these people are not going to take us there. And there's been a lot of exits as long as a lot of new people coming into the business. So some you might, if you grab a few employees that might say, well, it's been a little bit more performance. Driven a little bit more cutthroat. And I would say, yes, exactly.  
Me: Coming. Into the business. Yeah, yeah.  
Them: And we kind of shift the tone a bit. With the business.  
Me: And our certain is our subset of employees like energized by that you think?  
Them: In terms. Yes.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: There. Subset. They're just like, hell, yeah.  
Me: Amazing.  
Them: Yeah. I mean, you know how it is. You exit somebody and then three people are like, why don't you do that sooner?  
Me: Yeah, yeah.  
Them: Obviously, we made it about 80, 85% through those people that. That people felt that way about, you know, so, like. But it's brutal, right? From. For me. It's a lot of firing, hiring.  
Me: Did you try to do it, like, kind of at once or.  
Them: Not exactly, because they were kind of. We couldn't, in a way.  
Me: Because.  
Them: Because there were different functions. If I just chopped. There were so many people that I just chopped everybody. It would have created a pretty big problem as well.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: You'd be like, oh, like 10 people at once. Then who's filling in for it's better? Yes. It's not good for culture.  
Me: Yep.  
Them: But it's better for stability. Stability of the business. So. Yeah, because we're talking, like, had a brand. Head of cx Product manager. I mean, they were just like, you're cutting everywhere. So I just kind of work my way through.  
Me: Can I ask for this role? How do you see reporting looking? Is it like the traditional, just like visionary to integrator everyone? Or like you managing products and marketing? Like, how do you see that?  
Them: Yeah, so exactly the latter. So not. Not the everybody thing. I actually don't love that model. To be honest, because we tried that and I really didn't like. So Daniel was my messenger to everybody and actually hated it because. It was just like. Everything was just, like, going through him. But then I was actually running the business. But then. People were managing, managed by him. It was just like a weird dynamic where I don't really believe in that anymore. It was better when I just said, hey, you guys all report to me. I'll get some help from, like, I have, like, a EA support. I have a chief of staff. Like, that's much better. Than everything goes through this one messenger.  
Me: Messenger.  
Them: So I don't. So right now, the way I intend for this role, Coming in is that I think I mentioned I would own marketing, sales, product innovation, those things that, you know, that's my 10x skill or whatever. Like I need to.  
Me: Sales, meaning b to b sales.  
Them: Sales. Meaning. Yeah, revenue driving activity. So that could be like a Costco, that could be a Sephora, that could be distribution, that could be B2B sales. Right. So, so product and I I read this article, I love and they talk about value production versus value creation. Valuation being usually product creation's sense of for the customer. So valuation for customers, marketing product typically value protection is typically finance ops. Everything else.  
Me: Or. Costco. Versus value creative. Proper. Ty typically. By yourselves. Sure.  
Them: So I see. That's kind of how I see the split is, you know, this will again. I think it's important. That we work closely. And it's. It's not like you're just off in this island.  
Me: And. It's not like.  
Them: But primary ownership would be the other side of the business. Non marketing on product is how.  
Me: Total sense.  
Them: For sure. Good question. Anything else.  
Me: One line of random real quick question on you mentioned the new product person I think your name Longchuan or what's her name?  
Them: Yeah, long time. Yeah.  
Me: So I saw just like, based on our background, she's come from, like, cosmetics and beauty supplementing world. Is she just owning like that part of product and there's a different person helping with, like, the electronics and hardware? Or like what is what? Does that mean or look like?  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. So she's. She came from way, which is a big haircare brand. She's her. She has a PhD as well, so she's more. On that side of the business where it's like the. The wet line, as we call it.  
Me: As we. Call it.  
Them: But she also. She is doing the.  
Me: Like formulations.  
Them: Yeah, formulations and whatnot. But she's, she's doing the development side right now of the devices as well. But it's more from a project management and making sure things happen standpoint as far as the actual innovation and tech that's coming from me working with our factory and engineers there, so. She's not going. Like, we need to have this tech and this spec and like that. That's me. But that's as far as I want to go, is once I define the scope and where we want to go and I've done the research.  
Me: Got it. Done the research.  
Them: She's taking and running with that, right? So she's doing all the back and forth and things like that.  
Me: She's taking.  
Them: With all the suppliers, so.  
Me: Yeah. So how do you see that dynamic, then, between, let's say, you, me and her in developing product and supply chain? Because there's a lot of, like, dotted lines there, right?  
Them: Yeah, so. So it's tricky. I think. I think it would be probably a dotted line to start. I need to kind of figure out how that will work. From what you're describing to me.  
Me: To me.  
Them: And it is that kind of development piece of like the supply chain management. I'm not. I'm not doing that right. In terms of, like, the deep. Go to supplement manufacturer. What are your ramen? Like, that's very deep. We're not getting to that level. So where I want to stay is more kind of the. Okay, what's like the next few years? What's? The trend, like, you know, making those decisions, like, I uniquely positioned to do that given the context on business and industry, but at the velocity for which we want to launch products.  
Me: Doing? That right? Making. Decision. S.  
Them: I really can't get involved in the middle, right. It's like the first 10, 20% she or your role will take on the middle. And then I come in at the end, like sign off, right? So that's the way I see things working. So it's probably so products or sits between the two sides. So the creation of protection, where it's a bit of both.  
Me: I just. Can't get what we do. I can sign off already.  
Them: Yeah. What I really want to do is I want to create, like, an AI system that can manage this, like, product management, really a lot of this product stuff. And connect all the departments together. If I had time, this is the thing I would work on, is to, you know, like, okay, we have product idea, great. And then put it in, and AI does all the research and figure everything out, and then we're just kind of helping execute along the way.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: So.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. I mean. It's possible right now.  
Them: Yeah. It's possible. I just. Again, it's one of those, like, I. I have so many things on the wish list. I just. I need to free up time, you know, so. But yeah, you know, I just. I see my value out as being this, the innovator, divisionary and just really the marketing and sales. In a way, I'm kind of like the CMO as well, for the business, so, you know, but. But a really.  
Me: Totally. Do you have a short list of. I mean, obviously there's all the stuff we talked about. Internationalization, channel expansion, et cetera. You've talked about Costco a few times as this, like, major unlock from one phone call. Like you have a short list of things like that.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Trying to get in qvc and I'm trying to do X, yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Qbc. We're in the final stages of diligence, so that's about to be greenlit.  
Me: Oh, sick.  
Them: That's an eight figure channel for one of our competitors. Although QVC is kind of on the decline, there's still some volume to be done there. So. So that's pretty close to getting done.  
Me: Pretty close. To get it done.  
Them: These things move so slow. We've been doing. Talking about this for, like, two years, you know, but it's almost there.  
Me: Different. Damn. Does that involve you going on tv?  
Them: No, no, I'm not. I'm not the customer demographic. It needs to be like a mid age white woman.  
Me: Yeah, I don't. I don't. I don't. I don't watch a lot of qvc, but I don't know if it's like, founders and then, like, there's the woman model who's wearing it, and you're talking about it.  
Them: Yes, if you're a woman in your 40s.  
Me: Right.  
Them: And you're the founder. You should go on there. If you look a 25 year old Asian man, you probably shouldn't.  
Me: Yeah, yeah.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: That's awesome, though. Sorry, what? What else? What else is on that shortlist right now?  
Them: Sephora. I want to. I want to get into Costco inline. Is there another option? So we crushed it with a mask on in 2025 online. So now I'm pushing for, hey, can we get. Can we get a test in store?  
Me: Pushing. Can. We get a test.  
Them: That can go really poorly or that can go really well. The good news is Shark has already blazed the trail for us. So there's already one successful proof of concept in Costco. As far as red light therapy mask with sharp booty, they're multi billion dollar brand, so I'm happy to take second. Place, you know? Yeah, that's like a Dyson. I'm not. We're not competing with them.  
Me: Sure? Yeah. And you like, price it relative to them in any way, like.  
Them: That would be. Well, first I need to get that meeting with Kasu and get the green light, and then we'll workshop that. But, you know. But I would probably. That's a. We. We might do like a separate SKU or some. You know, that's to meet the requirements.  
Me: I.  
Them: So that's another potential huge unlock, right? I mean, if you make Costco work, that's again, multi eight figure channel for us.  
Me: Mean? Totally same. My. My wife's business. Same thing. Unlocks Costco in this last year and a half, and that's, like. That's, like, everything for them.  
Them: Yeah. But the good news for us is we have a strong DDC business. So we wouldn't just depend on that. I would lose sleep if it just all Costco.  
Me: Rely on it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah.  
Them: They kick us out, we're done, you know, so. And then the other big thing is, I think I mentioned was B2B. So as far as clinics, we hired a sales team. We're building that out. So going after another one of our competitors called Rivian. They absolutely suck at DDC, but they have an 8 figure B2B business. This is different from another competitor called Heramax that has an eight figure QVC business. So we're basically going to or going. What are you doing? Well,  
Me: Going through.  
Them: Let me take that. What are you doing? Well, let me take that. Because we. We're the bullies now. We're the big brand. We're the biggest brand in space for hair. We have the most DDC advertising, so we have the big, most awareness. So where can we go? Take their lunch. That's kind of. Those are low hanging fruits.  
Me: Technology. Yeah, I love that.  
Them: You know, we're just bullies because we're better at product, we better marketing, we have more resources now. It's like I can brute force. My way into these channels and I don't need to make money. Because I already have strong business. I can break in.  
Me: Do you feel a similar way about, like, the international markets because of that? I mean, that's a whole different thing of awareness.  
Them: It's a whole different thing. And I think that one transparently, I. I don't have a great grasp on international because that varies by market. Where. Where I would probably lean on with these things is we probably hire, like, an international growth person or international. There's kind of two ways, right? One, you go, same thing, dvc, Amazon, you do it yourself. Two is you find a distributor that you're just wholesaling to them and they figure it out. You give them all the assets, right?  
Me: That's right.  
Them: The latter is probably much easier way to start and get in a lot of places, so I'd probably start there. And if that's the case, it's more of operations and logistics problem in a relationship problem than a marketing one. But if we go ourselves, then that's a marketing one. Then we need to figure out nice listing advertising trends, you know? Quite there yet, because in North America, pie is so large, we've just not gotten to the point of saturation yet. So to me, That is kind of a separate branch. That is a nice to have and I want someone else to focus on it. Assuming that we can stabilize and scale the US Business. US And Canada business.  
Me: Random product question. I saw this brand called Lima. It does like cold laser. Is that. I don't know enough about it, but is that it sounds like a different technology. Maybe it's more effective.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. It's not. It's the same.  
Me: But is it from a marketing? I don't know. Would you consider that at all? Or is that nonsense not worth it?  
Them: A is nonsense. Yeah, they're. Yeah, everything. We're all called leaders. Everything we use are code lasers. It's just one of those things where they're talking about it, but it's like everybody, everybody. Yeah.  
Me: Interesting. Interesting.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. I think they are scammers.  
Me: Wow. Interesting.  
Them: So? So what Lima does is they claim they have 100 access to power of LEDs. But what they do is because these things are standardized about fta, so you need to have for low level light therapy. For home use class two, you're basically sitting below, like, 5 to 10 milliwatts. And so the LEDs that we use are about 5 milliwatts. If you go above, that's a different. You start to get to a different class and the FT hasn't cleared a lot of those. So what they do is they take a 500 watt LED and then they use. They diffract it into tiny little streams that are now 5 milliwatts. And then so they claim that the diode source is.  
Me: Ly. Distracted.  
Them: But to actually get FD cleared, you can't shoot 500 milliwatt at somebody's skin like that, closely. So it's BS it's basically. And then they saw it for, like, $2,700, which is ridiculous.  
Me: Yeah. So it was a way higher price point.  
Them: They don't. They don't move that many units, though. So, I mean, you can't. You can't scale at those prices. That's a problem.  
Me: It's pretty crazy. Are you. You mentioned your return rate is kind of high, and I think you're targeting it under 8%, so I'm assuming it's like 10, 12% or something like that.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Can you refurbish and resell those? Or it's like it's wasted. Whenever you have a return.  
Them: We can we do refurbish those. I would say about 50% are insoluble, 56% in soluble condition. Some of those are in a refurbishment. Sometimes they're brand new. So. Like Amazon. Costco customers are horrible, you know, so. Yeah, so we. And that's why we have our own warehouse. Reverse logistics is a pretty big piece of the business burning out. A lot of those we will also use as influencer units for seating, so repackage them and send it out to influencers.  
Me: Oh, that's smart.  
Them: But some of them are not in usable conditions, so those. Those get disposed of.  
Me: And, like, have you done specific things to bring that return rate down already?  
Them: We have brought down a lot over time already. Yeah, it was in kind of the 15. So it varies my channel, so DDC is at about 10% right now. Amazon is probably like, 1415. Cost was like, 30%, so Costco just, like, sucks.  
Me: Damn.  
Them: You can't do anything about it, though, because you don't like.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Well within my knowledge. You can't do anything about it because they go to customer support at Costco. You don't really have their information. They return to the warehouse. It's not like you can deter it a lot of times, so.  
Me: They return to you or to Costco.  
Them: They return it ends up eventually coming to us. But they go to, like, a local Costco warehouse. Let's say they return it, and then Costco ships that unit back to us. It's just so there's not a ton, to my knowledge, that we can do outside of making the inserts more educational. I mean, we do all this stuff, right? But I put a handwritten insert, like, hey, you know, it's like, this is Amy, the warehouse manager. Like, if you have any problems, like, I. I tried all the tricks, but it's just like. I don't know what else you could do there. It's also a lifetime return policy because it's Costco. I think they've just trained their customer to be very, like, you know, like assholes in that sense.  
Me: Ins. Erts. Yeah. So you. You put a target of under 8%. Is that realistic? Do you think it can be done?  
Them: Yes. Yes. One thing that we did, like, changed the business a lot was in 2021 or 2022, I required a phone call to return for d. C. And that that's one of the reasons I dropped from 15% down to whatever. But I found out. More recently that we were not doing that anymore, and a lot of them were still coming. So this is why I'm upset about the whole CX and this whole situation. There's 00 innovations, zero productive thinking. I came up with ideas for returns. I was like, hey, have them call, increase friction, negotiate. So one of the things again, this is all coming from me. So, phone call. And you have a script for negotiating? Oh, hey, you keep your product, we'll give you $200 back. No. Okay. Hey, I talk to my manager, we can do $300 back.  
Me: Recently. Zero. Increase.  
Them: No, I'm willing to go down to 50%. So you paid 1,000 bucks. I'm willing to give you 500 back because that that cost covers on cost. At least I'm still profitable on that purchase. On the gross margin basis, I came up with that. So that actually reduced the return rate, like, the dollar's impact of the refunds by a lot because one, there's friction of phone calls.  
Me: Like the. Bell. Receipt of the rebound. S. Because.  
Them: Two. We're negotiating back and forth with them. Like, it's not like, okay, great, you can return. It's like we're putting resistance up. And I started commissioning the agents 2% for the returns. So I did those three things. I dropped it from, like, 17% to, like, 10%.  
Me: Two. Percent. For the returns. So I do remember anything. Like. 10% now, can you ultimately make more money if they return it and you can refurbish and resell.  
Them: We have more refurbish than we can know what to do with. So no. Yeah. So. We.  
Me: Meaning what? You have, like, an endless supply of inventory to sell.  
Them: No, no. It's just. It's more. So we try not to sort of refurbish on core channels, to not be cannibalistic. So the court. The court use of refurbish is through kind of like more quiet channels, like ebay or the receding influencers, but.  
Me: Ing. Hotels to not. Be cannibalistic. Ref. Urbishment is. Because you have to label it as such.  
Them: You have to. Yeah, and so you can't. Those channels don't have enough volume. To support 10 to 15% of you know of a scaling business's returns.  
Me: Or 50%.  
Them: You know, like, we're going doubling year over year. Ebay is not doubling their returns. But there's more refurbishment we know what to do with and therefore the incremental return. Return isn't actually that accretive to bottom line. But if that were the case, I would happily take it back. But it's just a math question, right? So, no, they're like, hey.  
Me: Right. You've implemented all these things, the scripts, negotiating, et cetera. You still think there's more meat on the bone, though.  
Them: There's always more meat on the bottom, right? I think there is, yeah. Now. Now there is going to be a terminal. It's not like it can go to zero, obviously, so there's a terminal return rate, but I do think you can go a little bit lower.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: I just again, like these things. I'm not the head of cx. I just thought of these things and asked them to implement it. I'm not listening to phone calls. I'm not like, I'm sure there's a lot more things if you're actually diving in and doing mass AI transcript analysis on every single phone. Call, which is all track, by the way, but no one is. And that's why that person has to go. Right. So, you know. But let's say you were to come in. You have so many calls and transcripts and emails. Like, yeah, I'm like, you can't find two points there. I. I don't believe you have my two points there.  
Me: It's a treasure trove.  
Them: Yeah. So. Yeah. So again. In this short call, you can tell there's just so many things, and, you know, it's good. But we, we just. We have. We have this massive repository of data to, to dive into. But, you know, again, it's one of those things. I was fairly satisfied at 10%. It's not. It's not something. It's not worth even a deeper dive. Although I did assign accountability to Daniel and the head of cx. But, you know, to our conversation, it's not working. So something. Something needs to change.  
Me: Yep, yep. Makes sense. Sense.  
Them: Okay? I do got a job. Is there anything else that you want to cover today or just any questions for me?  
Me: A million questions I don't want to keep. Maybe I'll ask one or two more here. What's the tariff situation? And are you able to get refunds with all these changes recently? Or is that something? It's just not on the top of my list.  
Them: Hope. Fully. It seems to be possible are Brendan's looking into it as far as Flexport is offering an option to help manage as well. So we're just talking about today, actually. What's the type of situation. We are working with suppliers to ship in an efficient way, let's just say so. We're neutralizing a lot of the tariff impact. And we backed up our supply chain for hero products in Taiwan, which is at a 22% or something, compared to like a 38% coming out of China. Although.  
Me: How is it coming out of Taiwan?  
Them: We backed up supply chain. So we have a contract manufacturer in Taiwan that also just helmets.  
Me: I see.  
Them: So if shit hits a fan, we at least still have some things coming. On the hero products side, but our core manufacturing is still out of Shenzhen. I'm actually going next month, so to check out some of the new prototypes and stuff. But I don't know that you can truly get away from China. For any electronic heavy business. Unfortunately. So the best we can do is just have a lifeline in Taiwan.  
Me: Unfortunately.  
Them: And how to shift things efficiently. But I would say we've lived with tariffs for a while and we continue to scale the business successfully through that. So it hasn't been like a big slowdown. Now, if there's one way, which it never will, I don't think. That would fundamentally change our business in so many ways. It would unlock. It will unlock so much, it'd be insane. It's great that we're able to survive and thrive despite terrorists.  
Me: Yeah, it'd be gangbusters.  
Them: But it's the second time actually. We've been around for 10 years, so 2017 was the first round of terrorists. In the second round,  
Me: You say it's like 30 some percent in China and 20 some in Taiwan.  
Them: I think it was like 37.6 out of China, and then I think we're at 22 or 20, something like that, out of Taiwan. Yeah.  
Me: God, it's brutal.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: Damn. The ship. Finding creative ways to ship things efficiently. Subtext is that. Does that scare you at this scale, or you're buttoning up in such a way that you feel safe and protected? I don't know.  
Them: I don't. It doesn't scare me. I think we're doing it in a way that it's not.  
Me: Too risky.  
Them: I mean, it's. I wouldn't say it's too risky. It's not like we're still paying turfs. Like, it's not like we're not painter.  
Me: Okay. Yeah, I'm just curious. Shoot. What was I going to say? I forget. Oh, you mentioned you went over there to look at prototypes. Is that stuff we've already talked about, or is there, like, other new stuff in the works?  
Them: Oh, there's new stuff in the works. I am. I'm working on a truly differentiated, patented tech that I won't share with you for helmets.  
Me: Out. There for kevin.  
Them: For the hair devices. And if we get the patent, We're going to just. Just crush the competition because it's. It's working, like, because right now it's, you know, like, ourselves is good, but it's sort of like 10 better and, like, it's, like, it's marginally better. Right? That's not different from, like, the next brand, and, like, it's. It's what I'm working on. I think it will be, like, 50% better. And we would just crush competition and we can get the patent, so, yeah.  
Me: That's amazing.  
Them: So that's the kind of stuff I like working on, you know?  
Me: That's exciting. It's exciting.  
Them: Yeah, I was talking to customers. It's, like, analyzing, like, you know, data and things like that. So. Yeah, so I'm working on that. And we're also working on some, like, bigger type of things. With the body panels I mentioned before. Obviously those suppliers as well. We're also working on, like, a chair, potentially. Because the problem with the panels is that they're the. The standards. You stand in front of it, but you have to stand in front of it or you have to lie down. So if you have a chair, You sit down. You can read. So we're working on, like. Because right now it's either body panels or you have giant beds that cost 50 grand to 100 grand. But I think there's an in between here. Maybe in that 3 to 5k range that you can have in your home. It kind of doesn't require you to go into clinic or wellness centers for, so some also working on.  
Me: Super cool. That's exciting.  
Them: That. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we gotta. We got a full roadmap ahead. It's gonna be really, really cool.  
Me: That's awesome. You need some help, though.  
Them: Yeah, I do.  
Me: Any other questions for me?  
Them: No, no. That was informative. It was really great to walk through. I think where we are in the process now I laid on the email bit, is I think the next step would be, you know, if you feel good about where things are and you're so excited coming to the office. Over the next week or two. And then I'll have some of the team member. You'll meet a few people as well instead of just talk to me. And then that'll probably be like almost a full day thing. So just want to give you that expectation.  
Me: Sure.  
Them: But that would be the kind of final thing for us.  
Me: And then is it like some sort of live exercise during that experience or between or after?  
Them: During. Yeah, during. So I would. What. What we'll do is I'll need you to sign an NDA, and I'm actually going to give you real data for the business and have you work with it and then provide recommendations, basically.  
Me: Okay, cool. Awesome. Yeah. I'm super excited. I'm super interested in any next steps, so you let me know.  
Them: Okay? We'll do.  
Me: Awesome. Okay. Great chatting.  
Them: I appreciate your. Yeah, likewise. Have a good one.  
Me: Have a good weekend. See you, man. 